# To localize this text for a particular language, please
# translate every second line of this file.
[Map0]
Percy: We've run into the Doctrine an awful lot. Makes me really uneasy.
Percy: I wonder what these are ruins of. I'd never heard of anything like it on this island.
Percy: I actually don't mind traveling with you, Kara's the one who irks me.
There's more to Pokemon than just battling, you know?
\bDo you want me to stop following you?
\bI'll stay here, then.
\bLet's keep going!
Warren: You're hella tough, how'd you get that strong?
I guess it just takes practice like anything else, huh.
Warren: You seem like the reading type, I respect that.
If you ever want some good book recs, hit me up after all this is over.
Warren: This is turning out to be kind of a pain, but having you around'll make it go a lot quicker for sure.
Maybe I'll introduce you both sometime.
RORIMB:\ts[1] Lights!
\ts[1]CAMERA!!
ACTION!
AELITA: We wouldn't be in this mess if Sensei would've just spoken to me...
Why does he always have to be so goddamn stubborn?!
AELITA: Don't worry, I'll heal your Pokemon! I have a lot of Revival Herbs and Lemonade!
AELITA: It's too hot to run in here... We're getting nowhere.
AELITA: I have a bad feeling about this place... I hope I'm wrong.
GASTLY: Gastttttt!
MOSELY: Pangoro is antsy for some Team Xen butt- kicking action!
MOSELY: Can I just go to sleep, or?
MOSELY: At least this place has AC.
AELITA: I wonder what will happen once we venture on forth....
AELITA: To think that all of this madness happened right under our noses.
AELITA: How long was father involved with these creeps? Did he know what they were doing?
AELITA: I wonder if this cave could ever be purified. Probably not possible...
AELITA: Don't worry about me. I can handle myself.
AELITA: It smells really foul in here. Why does poison always smell like death?
Probably because that's what it always causes.
LAVENDER: Somehow I'm not so surprised that all this is their fault.
LAVENDER: I actually appreciate the atmosphere this place gives off.
LAVENDER: I've never heard of Team Xen before this.
I wonder why they would try and back off on this part of the region?
LAVENDER: Roses are red, Violets are blue.
Is this a joke to you?
LAVENDER: I can feel their presence ahead...
MELIA: It's incredibly cold in here.
Maybe there's a source of water that's cooling down this cave?
MELIA: At least we're not being chased down by mediocre lackeys.
I could totally get used to this.
MELIA: I'm tired of always being so busy. I just want a break, you know?
AELITA: Why is this happening...?
AELITA: C'mon \PN, we have to destroy their power source!
AELITA: Sensei was working for Team Xen...? I won't believe it!
There's a breaking news story going on...
Hello everyone, and welcome to the West Gearen News! I am your host Volta~.
Today we have an exclusive interview with the Steel Gym Leader, Saki!
So, Saki, what are your thoughts on the current S.S. Oceana situation?
"SAKI: HeeHee, what an odd question to ask a gal like moi~"
"But if you really had to know; I think the ship was manufactured terribly."
"See if they bought parts from Saki's Steel Industry; they would be set for life..."
"So come on down everyone! Come to Saki's Steel Industry, and I'll give you everything half price!"
This concludes our interview.
Today we investigate the whereabouts of the missing S.S. Oceana!
The S.S. Oceana was supposed to dock at Oceana Pier at 4:30 on August 5th!
However, it seems as though the ship has disappeared into thin air!
Our sources say that a mysterious organization had something to do with the disappearance of the ship!
This concludes our investigation.
Today we investigate the mysterious Crystalcharge cave!
Crystalcharge cave is known for its high electrical properties. However, why is this the way it is?
We've had many trainers try and find out the true cause of it's properties, but all have failed.
Maybe one day we can can finally learn the truth about that mysterious cave!
Today we investigate the beautiful Cherry Blossoms of Route 2~!
Route 2 holds the only spot of Cherry Blossoms in the whole region!
Scientists say that the area does not have a unique climate, and they are puzzled to why they are present.
It's quite a shame we don't know the truth about them, but I'm sure one day we will!
HAUNTER: Haw! Haw!
What to watch?\n\ch[1,-1,None,News,Hunting,]
All right! Citizens of Aevium, it's that special time of the day again!
Your daily dose of breaking news!
I am your host, Volta! Let's get started!
Many citizens have been worrying about a cargo, and commercial cruise ship called the S.S. Oceana.
Citizens claim that the ship was supposed to dock at a certain time, but never showed up!
Police are investigating the whereabouts of the S.S. Oceana as we speak!
Things are getting pretty tense here in the Aevium region. However, we shall all prevail, and look toward the future!
Thank you for watching! Again, I've been your host, Volta of West Gearen!
Goodbye, and see you all next time!
Apparently there has been an attack at Goldenwood Forest!
Citizens who were able to escape the catastrophe claimed that it all started with a huge explosion!
Then all of a sudden- shady characters in black appeared, and started to contain the area!
The citizens that did not make it out on time are nowhere to be found.
If you ask me, I think there should be higher security all around the region!
First the S.S. Oceana, and now Goldenwood Forest? Tragic!
Breaking News!
Citizens in the Sheridan area have reported a huge explosion sound coming from behind Carotos Mountain!
People are bewildered, and frightened that attacks may soon arise in the area.
I think it's time to raise that security level, Aevium!
Leave no stone unturned! Leave no shelf unstocked!
Leave no burger without the proper levels of cheese!!
Oh, excuse me, I just got a little fired up. Can you believe that this restaurant got my order wrong?
I asked for extra cheese! Yet, there was no such indication of extra ch- I might be getting off topic.
VOLTA: Things aren't looking so golden for foreigners of Goldenleaf Town.
Apparently some crook attacked their Gym leader, and because of that things have been hectic.
Trainers beware of entering Goldenleaf Town for the next... well, century or so.
Apparently these people can't take jokes, nor can they take interviews. We tried, people.
Anyways! It was discovered that there was a secret underground lab underneath Wispy Tower!
Yeah, you know! That tower that burned to the ground many years back?
The plot is certainly thickening here, folks.
VOLTA: Due to Valarie Kersey not responding at the Akuwa Aquarium, we decided to pay Valarie a visit!
We decided to see what exactly was up, but we weren't prepared for what we were about to find.
And the reason that is.... is because there was absolutely nothing there.
Yes! Nothing! Only the sounds of the waves and the thicket of the grass could be heard on such a somber afternoon.
Every single citizen except for an old man have now been reported as missing!
To make matters worse, three Gym leaders who were visiting the town are also no where to be found.
We tried to interview the old man and here is what we were able to find out:
"VOLTA: So... where exactly is everyone?
OLDMAN: I dunno."
VOLTA: And that's really all we got...
The man proceeded to take a nap right after his answer. We were absolutely furious.
VOLTA: Things are definitely getting tense around these parts...
There is still no info on the supposed disappearance of the citizens of Akuwa Town.
... Um...
So... yeah.... I bought some cotton candy the other day and it was okay I guess.
It's been a slow week, people. Don't blame us, blame society.
VOLTA: Woah! So apprarently things have been goin' down on our tropical section of Aevium!
The evil, the cold, the ruthless Angie of Kristiline Town has apparently been struck DOWN.
People frolicked outside like it's Christmas!
Although I'm quite sure the people of this town are SO over the idea of Christmas with all that weird snow.
I mean, it's a tropical island! It shouldn't snow there at all!
Things are happening in the shadows for sure...
VOLTA: The missing people of Akuwa Town have returned!
Apparently they were all abducted by the mysterious criminal organization, Team Xen!
If it wasn't for a person named \PN, they would have never seen the light of day ever again.
It sends chills down my spine to even fathom what could have happened....
In other news, I'd like to take this time to announce that I have been recruited for the Aevium league!
As of today, I will take over the Gym leader position in West Gearen.
Sorry Saki! You'll have to go back home and be a Gym leader there!
Thank you all for nominating me for this position, and I promise to do my best!
...Hm? What's that? Something weird is happening at West Gearen City?
Ignore everything I just said! I will not become the next Gym Leader because there's a bigger story to cover!
I am starting my report on this weird stone phenomenon going down in Grand Dream City!
We're about to enter the city, let's take a look.
Uh, excuse me? We're trying to enter the city. Would you please move aside?
... Why aren't you saying anything...
Okay, you're weird. Just let us pass!
Kzzrrrttttt.....
The camera cut out...
Looking for rare Pokemon? Well this station is your station!
With Henrietta as your host, and Jeff the cameraman!
For today's show we're searching in Gearen City, and Oceana Pier!
HENRIETTA: People have reported sightings of a Buizel hanging around the docks.
It stares off endlessly into the horizon. Maybe it's waiting for its love to finally find them?
JEFF: I think you're just being overdramatic.
HENRIETTA: Oh like you would know, Jeff! Hmph!
And that's all for today.
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around the Chrisola Hotel, shall we?
Nothing out of the ordinary h- Oh my!
Is that a Cherubi? That's weird! Cherubi aren't native to Gearen...
They seem to be coming from inside the hotel! How unusual!
JEFF: Isn't there a garden at the hotel?
HENRIETTA: Shut up, Jeff. I was getting there.
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Gearen Park, shall we?
Wow, there seems to be a lot of weird Pokemon around here!
JEFF: Yeah, that looks like a Fomantis, right?
HENRIETTA: Yeah, and there are wild Skitty here as well!
For today's show we're searching on Route 2 and Amethyst Cave!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Route 2, shall we?
Supposedly, a rare Pokemon can appear in the morning time!
We've never seen this Pokemon before, but it looks like a floating stick of cotton candy?
It's kind of looking at us weirdly, right...? Should we leave?
Eeek! Was that a rat? That was a rat, Jeff!
JEFF: Henrietta, relax... It's just a Dedenne.
Yeah, but... they're still rats no matter how you look at it.
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Amethyst Cave, shall we?
Oh my... what are these? It looks like a crescent moon!
I wonder what it's doing. Here, Jeff, get its attention.
I said get its attention, not throw a rock at it!
OH GOD, IT'S HURLING ROCKS TOWARDS US. JEFF GET THE CAMERA.
JEFF GET THE CAMERA AND RUN, JESUS CHRIST IT'S FAST.
*running noises*
O-oh I'm cornered. OH- OH! -Krzzzzzzzttttttt....
For today's show we're searching on Route 3 and the Goldenleaf area!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Route 3, shall we?
So, apparently there's a forest on Route 3. I have no idea when this got here, but okay.
Oh, what are those up there, Jeff?
JEFF: I'm not sure, they kinda look like bats.
Here, lemme get a close up on them.
HENRIETTA: Jeff, you still have the flashlight turned on.
Oh Jeff, now look at what you've done! You've flashed the light their way!
*Various bat screeches.*
HENRIETTA: Jeff, you do this to me every time! Oh God, OH GOD- Krzzttttttt......
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Goldenleaf Town, shall we?
Oh dear... This cave looks really spooky. I'm not sure I like this place...
Hey Jeff, did something just move?
JEFF: Huh? I didn't see anything move...
HENRIETTA: It kind of looked like a clay soldier thing, but I'm not really sure...
JEFF: Oh no, I'm not falling for that one again.
No, I'm serious... Why would I lie to you in a spooky place like that?
Wait... Why are there so many Pokemon around here suddenly?!
Hey, give that back! Don't run away from me!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Wispy Path, yeah?
Aw, look! There's a small Espurr swinging on a swing over there!
JEFF: Looks kinda lonely... Maybe we should play with it a bit?
HENRIETTA: We can't just stop what we're doing to play with it, Jeff...
If I was paid to do it, sure, but unfortunately, that's not how our paychecks work.
JEFF: Whatever you say, Henrietta.
For today's show we're searching on Route 4!
How cute! It seems as though there are wild Shinx around these parts!
How cute! Jeff! Get me one! They're getting away!
Oh my, what a damp cave. Who would've known this would be behind a waterfall?
Hey Jeff, how about we sit on this root and take a break?
JEFF: But we just started...
HENRIETTA: Whatever, this cave looks like a dud anyways. We'll just cut this out.
Hey did that root just move?
No, I'm serious, that root just moved- OH LORD, JEFF.
The root has Jeff! Oh no the tree is talking, I'm outtie! Bye!
It looks like I- beryly survived that. Hah... no one is going to get that.
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Wispy Tower, shall we?
This place sure is spooky....
We must've spoken to 300 people to find where this dumb tower is.
JEFF: If we just followed the map they gave us, maybe we wouldn't have been lost....
HENRIETTA: Wait... do you hear that?
Oh my god... whaT IS THAT? - Krzzztttttt......
For today's show we're searching Akuwa Town and Akora Forest!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Akuwa Town, shall we?
Another cave, huh? This one is cold....
JEFF: Sure is... a little too cold for my tastes.
HENRIETTA: Wow! Would you look at all the ice types!
These Ice types are the first ice types we've seen on our expedition!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Akora Forest, shall we?
Wow, this forest sure is weird! Look, Jeff!
Are those Mankey?! Oh! How cute! A Buneary!
There are so many diverse Pokemon here! Lemme just... sit down on this rock to take it all in.
JEFF: Uh, Henrietta?
HENRIETTA: What is it, Jeff?
JEFF: That's not a rock, that's a Pokemon.
SHROOMISH: Shroom! Shroom!
HENRIETTA: Oh...
Shroomish used Stun Spore!
For today's show we're searching around on Terajuma Island!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Jirukala Cavern, shall we?
Ugh, it's damp and cold in here.
JEFF: What's with all of the caves?
HENRIETTA: I dunno. Terrain shifts or something.
Whoa, take a look at that in the mud! I totally didn't notice it!
That looks like a Stunfisk! If any of you want a Stunfisk, Jirukala Cavern is your goto place!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around Terajuma Jungle, shall we?
Good morning to everyone watching! Good morning to you, Jeff.
JEFF: ZzZzZzZz....
HENRIETTA: ... Anyways, look at those! Are those Hoppip?
They seem to be floating around jovially.
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look Route 5, okay?! Okay.
So we're traversing through harsh territories... at night.
JEFF: Are you done complaining, Henrietta?
HENRIETTA: Oh! Would you look at that! Those are Baltoy!
Look at how they dance so in sync. What I would do to be young again~.
For today's show we're searching around in West Gearen!
HENRIETTA: Let's take a look around West Gearen, shall we?
Oh, Jeff! Look at this cute Jigglypuff!
Aw, it seems to already have a trainer. That's a shame.
Oh? What's this? It seems Jigglypuff wants to sing a song for all of us!
Go ahead and sing your heart out, Jigglypuff!
*Thump*
... It seems Jigglypuff put Henrietta and Jeff to sleep.
ROGGENROLA: Rogg...
Roggenrola looks worried.
ROGGENROLA: Rogg!
Roggenrola is ready to rogg and roll!
Roggenrola was surprised by the thicket!
KETA: I don't particularly fancy the design in here, but people have different tastes in decor I suppose.
KETA: Aelita should've never followed me here.
However, I'm a fool if I thought that she wouldn't.
I know her better than she knows herself...
KETA: Your journey has taken quite the detour, hasn't it?
Many trainers would be jealous of this adventure. Foolhardy. All of them.
They don't know what they want.
MOM: Reunited once again! With our power no one can stop us!
MOM: We'll make it through. Then we can be a family once again...
MOM: You've become a great trainer. I couldn't be more proud...!
FLORIN: Watch your step. There are a lot of rocks sticking out of the ground.
FLORIN: Bladestar will be nothing eventually.
GDC will be safe once and for all.
FLORIN: Grass types sure do make quick work of this place.
FLORIN: I wonder how much longer we have until we reach the exit?
FLORA: Don't trip.
FLORA: This is all such a bother. Don't you agree?
FLORA: After all this we're going to have to report everything we've found to Cassandra.
Get ready for a 4 hour meeting with her.
FLORA: Why are we talking and not working to get out of here?
ERIN: Bladestar isn't a real threat.
They're just an annoying obstacle.
ERIN: You battle better than Aelita. That's for damn sure.
Maybe you should give her some lessons when we find her.
ERIN: Where did these people even come from?
Perhaps there's a shortcut available to them.
ERIN: I tend to use more minimalistic Pokemon. What kind of Pokemon do you prefer to use?
OSHAWOTT: Oshaaa!!
MELIA: Isn't this cave beautiful?
I've been here before, but it takes my breath away each time.
MELIA: Don't worry about your Pokemon. If they get hurt, I'll just take care of them.
MELIA: I wonder why my father wanted me to come here all of a sudden.
Usually he only sends me to local areas to complete my research.
MARIANETTE: We need to go to the three corners of the mansion.
That would include the hedge maze, the poolside, and the front courtyard.
We'll find your friends there and win this game.
MARIANETTE: This is it... It's time to go speak to my father.
I hope things will go well...
MARIANETTE: We found the bracelet so we should take it back to that maid, right?
Hopefully that'll be the end of these trials.
MARIANETTE: These trials never end... We're going to need to look for this stupid bracelet now...
She said it was somewhere outside in the Courtyard.
Maids aren't usually allowed past the first gate, so it has to be somewhere close.
MARIANETTE: These maids take too much from my father... It's like they're... a part of him.
That's too much of a scary thought... I'm sorry.
Anyway, we need to find that Maid that is slacking off.
I don't think they're on the upper floors. So let's search the lower ones... Perhaps the Dining room?
MARIANETTE: My father is in his room on the top floor of the mansion...
It'll be better to confront him with this, rather than sneaking around...
I guess he just prefers honesty or something.
MOSELY: I'd battle with you, but my Pangy is seriously tired from dealing with those bad guys.
Hopefully you'll last without it!
MOSELY: This guy attacked Narcissa, right? Well, I don't really blame the guy.
Narcissa just has this really smug aspect about her. I mean, it's even in her name!
Sometimes you just gotta give people a good whack!
MOSELY: This place is so broken up and stuff. How'd all this stuff grow in here without any sunlight?
Maybe I'll find a flower to bring back to Maman. She likes those kind of cheesy items.
BRAIXEN: I'll follow you and use the laser whenever you approach a box.
Data recollection active.
Espurr seems to be following your every movement. Even down the rhythm of your walking!
Espurr seems to be swirling around in place. It looks quite happy!
Espurr was surprised by the thicket!
Espurr yawns gently into the air...!
Growlithe follows your every movement. It barks with satisfaction!
Growlithe runs around in place without losing eye contact!
It seems like it wants to impress you.
Growlithe was frightened by the sudden breeze of wind!
Growlithe strictly looks in one direction with determination, but quickly forgets what it was even looking at.
Gender?
Choose your appearance.
Choose this appearance?
Would you like to use the legacy character? (Original sprite.)
Note that this only includes the base sprite, not the outfits.
Legacy characters enabled!
...???
AYA: I never used to be good for anything, really, but I like to think that I've come a long way since then.
I won't hold you back. I promise.
AYA: Hopefully the workers from this factory are doing alright.
I don't know what Team Xen is capable of, so I don't know what to expect...
But I really hope they aren't the type to senselessly murder innocent people.
AYA: Did you know that I was held hostage by Team Meteor once?
Yeah, that sucked. It sucked a lot. Not that that's surprising or anything.
AYA: So this is where Aevium gets its Pokeball production done?
Pokeballs were really hard to come by in Reborn City.
It didn't really matter that much, I suppose. Wild Pokemon weren't exactly common.
AYA: I specialize in Poison-Types, but I do have a soft spot for this Lycanroc.
When I first became a Gym Leader, I was having a hard time adjusting.
But Hardy showed up and made me feel better...
I don't like Rock-Types, but I wov my wittle doggy woggy...
...
If you tell anyone about this I swear I'll make you suffer.
ANASTASIA: Mommy can get really scary when she's mad...
REN: Don't worry, I'll be there to protect you if things get rough.
ANASTASIA: Thank you, Mr. Ren...
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren, what's your favorite ice cream flavor?
Mine is regular vanilla with a blue cream dip!
REN: This is gonna get pretty controversial, but I really like mint.
ANASTASIA: This conversation never happened.
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren, what do you wanna be when you grow up?
REN: I guess I never really thought about it. Maybe I'll just try to become a top trainer or something.
It'll take a lot of work, but I think I can pull it off.
ANASTASIA: I believe in you, Mr. Ren.
ANASTASIA: Mrrrr. Rennnn!!! Mr. Ren! What's your favorite color?
REN: Huh? Hm... Maybe blue, or red. Not sure. Maybe green.
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren! Do you like cats or dogs?
REN: I love both, but if I had to choose, I think I'd go with dogs.
My Dad used to have a Growlithe, and I loved it so much, but...
ANASTASIA: But?
REN: ...
ROLLLLLL the roulette!
AMBER: Andddd! Stop!
AMBER: Uh oh! Reroll!!
AMBER: Awesome! Let's switch the board now!
AMBER: W-Wait, what's this?
AMBER: The field's been electrified! Who let Julia in here?!
AMBER: Grassy fields? Boring! Burn it up!
AMBER: I can't fucking see. Someone blow away this mist!
AMBER: Now this is spooky! Time for the Dark Crystal Cavern to sparkle!
AMBER: People still play chess? Fuckin' nerds!
AMBER: Awww yeah, now we're talkin'! Volcano Field is here to stay!
AMBER: Man, who the hell ripped one? Smells like a swamp!
AMBER: Rainbows are cool, I guess.
AMBER: This field reminds me of a certain someone that I will refrain from naming.
AMBER: Fog STOPPP IT! Like for real, STOOOOP!
Oh, um, it's misty and corrosive.
AMBER: Once you get sand on you, you can't get that shit off.
AMBER: Icy what we've done here. Get it? Ice. Yeah. Whatever.
AMBER: Time to ROCK AND ROLL on this rocky field!
AMBER: Can you smell nature? It's really gross. Forest Field, folks.
AMBER: Heh... Volcanic top? Okay, okay. I can deal with this.
AMBER: I swear, I can hear Saki giggling in the distance. Factory field is here.
AMBER: Looks like there's a short circuit! Power's gone, folks!
AMBER: If you thought sand was hard to get rid of, try getting rid of ash!
AMBER: I'm as calm as the water's surface! Let's get it going!
AMBER: Glub... Glub... I can't talk underwater, yet here I am...
AMBER: I got lost in a cave once. That wasn't fun.
AMBER: Looks like there's a glitch in the matrix! Run the debug menu!
AMBER: I could make a fortune out of this crystal cavern!
AMBER: Yikes, who forgot to flush? That murky water is disgusting!
AMBER: Say goodbye to your spleen because I dunno, that happens on mountains? Can anyone confirm that?
AMBER: Hope you brought the proper gear, because there's about to be an avalanche on this snowy mountain!
AMBER: Time to pick a God and pray, bitches! You'll need it!
AMBER: It's all just smoke and mirrors!
AMBER: Once upon a time... The field was a Fairy Tale!
AMBER: Can you survive the challenge of the Dragon's Den?
AMBER: It's time for flowers to rule!
AMBER: Starlight, starbright. Which one of us will die tonight?
AMBER: Roles are reversed! Don't lose your way!
<ac>\wm\c[0]\w[transparent]\ts[5]Act One: \nUnknown Shores, Unknown Depths
<ac>\wm\c[0]\w[transparent]\ts[5]Act Two: \nDecorum and Ruin
\PN received an Egg!
\PN got the \c[2]Swamp Crest!
This crest reveals \PN's true form!
\PN is now...
\PN!
KAREN: I have... history with Castle Zygara. Not good history.
I wish I never had to return here, but here I am...
KAREN: I'm sorry, Little Dove... But talking to you is a little embarrassing for me.
You've seen me in... an interesting light. B-But that's not who I am, promise!
KAREN: Little Dove~, Little Dove~, where will they take me next?
KAREN: If you fall off the side, you won't survive. So be careful!
Yes
No
Try Again?
Title Screen
Boy
Girl
Other
1
2
3
More
4
5
6
Back
Password
[Map1]
Oleander Laboratory
Logium Town A
There are some days my husband drives me up the walls, but this life...
I wouldn't have it any other way.
You look mighty tired, young one.
If your Pokemon are feeling tired as well, you can use the healing star over to your right.
Pokemon Centers are expensive to build, so not every town can afford one.
Instead, we use healing stars like these to heal up our Pokemon, and as a checkpoint if we ever black out in the wild.
My trainer days were ages ago, but I'm glad I was able to give a new trainer some advice!
Take these as well. Hopefully they'll help.
???: ...Come to the Drowned City \PN.
I have always been waiting here for you...
...sol!
Ab-sol!
Sol!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
???: Oh, were you heading into Aunt Juno's lab?
I'm her research assistant and nephew, Percy.
Percy: It's nice to see a new face around here. This island is a fair bit off the coast of the Zakos region, so we don't see visitors often.
Not to mention, the docks are on the other side of island.
Well, I'll see you in the lab.
Good luck young trainer!
Ah, it's you again!
...You want my book?
No... it's MINE. I'm not giving it back, not until I've reread it again!
No... not my precious book...
I suppose I had to let go at some point...
*The old man pulled a book out of his shirt and kissed it.*
Treat it well, youngster.
\PN gained The Great Gastly!
Let me mourn in peace...
Adventure Tip: While yellow healing stars can be used indefinitely, red healing stars are one time use!
The Xatu is holding a sign around its neck.
"Hello! This is the Xatu Taxi, sponsored by the Emera family!"
"I can take you between the parts of town on this island, but only if you've been there before!"
Where would you like to go?
The door is locked.
My mom's a big teacher up north! She's really smart.
UGH!
This part of Logium Town is WAY too small! I wish I was strong enough to go through the caves already.
Adventure Tip: When you see a sparkle on the ground, it means there's an item there!
Connecting Caves
Kara: And that's game!
Percy: I'm glad at least one of us enjoyed it.
Oleander: An expected outcome, but that was still fun to watch.
Kara: \PN! Battle me so I can keep my streak going!
Percy: Not a damn chance. I'm going to get this over with.
Kara: Hmmm, I guess it's only fair to respect the loser's wishes.
Percy: You sure are gloating a lot for a win that I didn't even want in the first place.
Professor: Alright you two, start!
Expected.
Percy: Surprise, surprise.
I must admit, I did enjoy this a lot more than the battle with Kara though.
Something about you being infinitely more tolerable.
Kara: Alright \PN, time for our rematch!
Awwww.
Kara: Dammit! I can't believe I lost to you again.
Oh well, it's still super fun battling with you!
Percy: Nicely done \PN. I think I enjoyed that battle more than Kara did.
Professor: Alright, with that out of the way I can send you off now!
I won't require much of you three as assistants, just check in from time to time so I can see how your Pokemon are growing.
Also, make sure you're having fun! Traveling should never be a chore.
Farewell you three, and \PN, make sure Percy and Kara don't bicker too much!
...
Kara: So... what now?
Percy: We're supposed to be traveling together, right?
Well, I'm planning on heading to Logium Town C, and taking the boat to Auriga City.
There's plenty of ruins I want to explore on the mainland.
Kara: Ugh, I don't want to travel with you if all we're going to do is boring research stuff...
Percy: Well, whether it's boring or not is subjective, but here's something that might interest you.
Every year, Auriga City hosts a massive tournament called the Lyra Tourney that's televised all over the region.
The tournament takes place in a week or so, and while <i>I</i> don't plan on participating, you two might want to.
Kara: A giant tournament? Now that's more up my alley!
I'm totally down with heading there, and \PN, you should participate too!
Percy: How about this then: we're probably going to travel at different paces, so why don't we agree to meet up at Logium Town C in a few days?
Kara: Sounds good to me! I want to train on my own too.
Percy: Let's not waste time then, see you two in a few days.
Kara: See ya guys later!
Percy: Well, whether it's boring or not is subjective, but with the Doctrine on your tails, the two of you will have to grow stronger.
Logium Town B
I'm Good!
Logium Town C
[Map2]
Wh- How? Where am I?
The Mismagius returned to the manor!
[Map3]
[Map4]
Percy: Now who are <i>you</i>?
You don't look like you're with the Doctrine...
???: Astute observation.
I'm just waiting here for a friend, that's all.
Ah, and speak of the devil, there they are!
Percy: \PN? You know her?
???: Well, I doubt they remember me, but I certainly know them.
You can call me Lux.
Percy: So, Lux. You're from that small island \PN and Kara escaped then?
Lux: Ha! No, it was actually rather cumbersome to find \PN while they lived on that accursed island.
That said, do you have the time to dawdle? I believe Pride has found what he was looking for.
Percy: Shit, you're right. We need to hurry.
Could you step aside?
Lux: Ah, I'm not letting you through that easy.
I want to challenge \PN to a battle. For old time's sake.
Percy: Now?!
We don't have time for this!
Lux: Are you really in a position to complain?
Percy: ...
Make this fast, \PN.
Lux: Surprise me.
Interesting.
Lux: How fascinating.
I suppose I have to step aside now, don't I?
Remember \PN, the universe will right itself, and all will end.
Percy: Did she just disappear?
...Whatever, I don't have time to think about how the hell she did that.
Let's go stop Pride, \PN.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
[Map5]
In honor of Elmin's first Zorua.
May she rest.
The door is locked.
[Map6]
You can't leave yet!
Do you want the Water-type Pokemon Popplio?
Do you want the Grass-type Pokemon Snivy?
Elmin: Go on \PN. We must hurry.
Elmin: A fine choice, young \PN!
Kara: Can I pick now?
Elmin: Ah, not one of these.
Elmin: My daughter asked me to give this to you when you were ready to leave.
Kara: Your daughter... my mother?
Mother: It's the child of her ace Pokemon.
Kara: I-
Kara recieved Buneary!
Kara: A Buneary huh...
...
I'll take good care of you.
Elmin: We're pressed for time, but it's only fair that the two of you have your first battle now.
Kara: That'd be great, but pressed for time?
Mother: Nothing of concern dear.
Kara: ...Whatever.
Let's battle \PN!\nI've been waiting for this!
You're really great!
Kara: That. \|Was. \|Great!
I don't even care that I lost, I had so much fun!
Don't think I'll let you get away without a rematch tho-
Kara: Aw it's ok \PN. Do you want a rematch-
Kara: What was that?
Mother: It can't be...
I thought we had days before they would find us.
Kara: Before who would find us? What's going on?
Elmin: It's as we feared, we were too late.
Mother: We should've sent the kids away days ago...
I'll go check-
Elmin: Stop!
Kara: What aren't you two telling us?
Elmin: Let's leave while we still-
???: \PN! Elmin! Long time no see.
Mother: Gardevoir!
Mother: Teleport!
???: Follow her.
Elmin: Sloth.
Sloth: I would say that we miss you Elmin, but you took something real important to us.
Elmin: I'm not handing the Orb over, not after what we went though to take it.
Sloth: I figured. We weren't gonna take the Orb from you at any rate.
Nah, we're just gonna take all of you with us instead.
Elmin: Don't drag the kids into this.
Sloth: Sorry to break it to you old man, but \PN was one of our targets too.
I'm sure they won't mind.
Kara: Don't speak for \PN! We're not gonna hand over whatever that Orb thing is and we're sure as hell not going with you.
Sloth: Awful presumptuous of you Wishmaker, talking about something you don't know jack about.
We're just taking back a couple things that were stolen from us.
Kara: ...Stolen?
Sloth: Grab the kids. I'll get the Orb.
...Annoying.
Sloth: Well, I can't take on two kids on top of Elmin.
Sloth: You guys are useless, you know that?
...Well, this sucks. I didn't even want to be here and now I have to deal with incompetent grunts.
Elmin: Game over, Sloth.
Sloth: Eh, far from it.
I'll just grab the kiddos myself, no need to stretch the battle out-
Elmin: Now!
???: You owe me one, Elmin.
Sloth: Shit, what is <i>she</i> doing here?
???: Just helping a dear friend out, I do like to have people in my debt.
Elmin: Quit dawdling and get them out of here!
Sloth: You two, grab the kids-
???: Not so fast!
???: Ta-ta!
Sloth: ...
Sloth: What a bother. Didn't think the wench would show up again after hiding for so long.
Whatever. Finding \PN on the mainland should be easy. At least we can still get the Orb.
Elmin: I'm afraid I don't have it any longer.
Sloth: ...That's \|fine.
We have ways to loosen your tongue.
Go grab the other inhabitants.
Kara: Cmon, hurry up!
Do you want the Grass-type Pokemon Chespin?
Mother: When you've picked your Pokemon, go ahead and talk to Elmin.
Do you want the Fire-type Pokemon Fennekin?
Do you want the Grass-type Pokemon Rowlet?
Do you want the Fire-type Pokemon Litten?
Do you want the Fire-type Pokemon Tepig?
Do you want the Water-type Pokemon Oshawott?
It's locked.
Do you want the Water-type Pokemon Froakie?
Elmin: Ah! You're finally here \PN!
I'm sure the two of you are eagerly waiting, so I won't waste time.
I have a selection of rare Pokemon straight from the mainland, in this room.
Kara: Fancy setup you've got there.
This is exciting, I've been waiting to get a Pokemon that I can actually use!
Elmin: Ah, but \PN will be picking first.
Kara: What! Why do they get to choose first?
Elmin: You already have a Pokemon, it's only fair.
Kara: ...I guess. You better not take too long \PN!
Elmin: Go ahead and choose one, \PN, then come and talk to me.
Mother: Think carefully dear! They say your first Pokemon will stick with you for life!
Yes
No
[Map7]
[Map8]
Ready to go to sleep?
You doze off...
Kara: Ugh, finally. You're a really heavy sleeper.
Did you know that you sleep talk?
I didn't hear what you were saying but it was definitely more than you usually say awake.
Kara: Anywho, c'mon! Your mom and Elmin are already waiting for us at his place!
Mother: What a nice man...
Here's your Trainer Card \PN!
\PN recieved a Trainer Card!
Mother: Now that you have this, we can send you and Kara off to work for the Professor!
Speaking of, why don't you check in on her?
She should be finishing with immigration just about now as well.
Mother: Go on!
Mother: Is Kara doing fine?
That's good to hear, she is practically my daughter.
I do hope she feels the same...
Mother: That aside, you should rest up!
Tomorrow's a big day!
Mother: Were you planning on leaving without saying anything?
Yes
No
[Map9]
I'm keeping a lookout for the people who said they'd clear these rocks.
Let's pass the time with a battle!
They're still not here?
Rockslides are pretty frequent and easy to trigger here, so they're usually cleared up pretty fast.
These'll probably be gone by the time you come back in here.
You should be free to go now!
He's in a daze.
...
She's in a daze.
I'm gonna show off my new catches!
Aw, we didn't get to do our thing at all!
Time to release and try again!
!
Man, I have a massive headache.
Maybe fishing in caves just isn't for me.
Why don't you take this?
I have more catches to show off!
You have the makings of a great fisher!
Shieldon looks hungry.
Do you want to give it the Gourmet Treat?
It doesn't seem to notice you.
What's that? You were looking at my perfectly bred babies weren't you?
My babies!
Don't talk to me.
UGH! My cuties and I canNOT stand it in this cave!
This is just the worst...
If I knew there was gonna be a giant cave between parts of the town I would've never left.
Kara: \PN!
Kara: Are you okay? The old lady walked off as soon as we landed on shore, so I went to look for her.
I guess we're on our own, huh.
I mean, we were going to leave today but it's so frustrating, now I have no clue where we are or what's even going on...
Kara: That stupid old lady has to be somewhere in town since both exits of this cave are blocked off.
I'm gonna find her and grill her for answers. We both deserve to know what's going on.
Yo, help a brother train, huh?
My Pokemon appreciated that!
When it comes to trainin' for anything, doin' it with people stronger actually makes ya better.
Yes
No
[Map10]
It's locked.
Agrus: I'm getting the chills. Let's hurry this up.
Something feels really off, have you seen Zossie or Data?
<i>Four visions holding memories of eons passed, guarding the gate of visions yet to come...</i>
The Mismagius fled into the forest!
There is a large keyhole in the statue.
Use the Brass Key?
\PN put the Brass Key in the keyhole.
Yes
No
[Map11]
Oh, hello dear!
I'm just unpacking medicine for Elmin's Zoroark...
It's sick enough that it's only a matter of time before the illusion around the island wea-
Oh, forget I said anything.
You and Kara be sure to enjoy your journey!
[Map12]
Oh, hey \PN! You excited about heading out?
Won't be the same around here without you or Kara, that's for sure.
You two be sure to take care of yourselves!
[Map13]
Ji- rachi!
Kara: I get it, I get it.
It's Kara's PC! You probably shouldn't snoop...
Kara: See you tomorrow, this is so exciting!
Kara: \PN?
Kara: Ha! I knew it was you, you're the only one who doesn't knock before coming in.
So, you finished immigration then?
Isn't this so exciting?!
If I'm being honest, I don't really care about being a professor's assistant or whatever, but any excuse to leave the island is fine by me.
Jirachi doesn't let me battle with it, so getting a Pokemon I can actually use to fight is just icing on the cake!
Well, I think Elmin is gonna give us the gifts tomorrow at his house, so I'll meet up with you then! I can't wait!
[Map14]
It's a diary. Should you read it?
I think you're supposed to start this with Dear Diary?
Anyways, Aunt Juno said to give this diary thing a try, but I doubt it'll help with anything.
What <i>would</i> help is if she let me actually be useful for her. I get that the caves and dangerous, but I'd be a lot more helpful if I could explore them.
It just feels like I'm freeloading right now. And I do <i>not</i> want to be in anyone's debt.
I guess that's all I'll write for now. Here's to my first and maybe last entry.
Signed, \nPercy
Yes
No
[Map15]
The Connecting Caves can be tough for new trainers. I don't have the biggest selection or anything, but it might help out!
Some days I wish my husband found an actual job instead of playing pretend PokeMart.
[Map16]
The island we're on, Calypsan Island, is really interesting in that it only has one town.
Logium Town used to cover the whole island, but something caused it to split into three parts, A, B, and C.
We built the Connecting Caves as a way to easily get to and from the different parts of town!
[Map17]
You might encounter Pokemon outside of wild grass while exploring Zakos.
We refer to these as "static encounters".
For whatever reason, we've found that these Pokemon seem to have, at the very least, one move which it could only previously get through breeding.
Perhaps this will allow some oft-forgotten Pokemon to have some utility in battle?
Percy: Huh? What's going on?
Various weather phenomena are common in the Pokemon world, but there is one in particular that behaves differently in Zakos.
Hail has been known to have the least effect on battle as opposed to other weather conditions, only activated some moves and abilities, and having a buffeting effect on non-Ice type Pokemon.
However, in Zakos, Hail also greatly boosts the physical defense of Ice types, making them far sturdier than they would be otherwise.
This might affect battles you partake in, so be wary!
Kara: Hey \PN, I was just about to start grilling this lady for some answers.
Percy: You two know each other?
???: They are childhood friends, and no, you aren't "grilling" anyone I'm afraid.
Kara: You know us?
Wait... are you that Professor we were supposed to be helping out?
???: Yes, yes, I suppose introductions are in order.
My name is Juno Oleander, but most people call me Professor. I'm an old acquaintance of you grandfather, Elmin.
I don't know much more than you two, Elmin wanted asked me to come and take you two should something ever happen to the island, and I did.
Kara: But who were the hooded freaks? And why did they attack our island?
Professor: Why they attacked your island? Honestly, I don't really know.
Those "hooded freaks" are known as the Doctrine. As a religious group, they're normally rather placid, albeit preachy.
There is a more militant, cult-like sect of the Doctrine, ruled by seven Elders, but they've never been seen down here.
Percy: Hold on, if the Doctrine is after them, why did we even let them in here?
The only reason we moved out here was to-
Professor: But, I am glad you two returned here, since you two are my assistants now, I have your first task.
Percy: Don't tell me...
Oleander: They'll partake on your task alongside you.
Professor: As a professor, I research the flow of magic energy throughout the region. Truthfully, I'm much closer to a mage rather than a professor.
Fairly recently, I had a breakthrough in my research, a new form of Pokemon created by mutations caused by exposure to magical energy.
They appear to retain some characteristics of the Pokemon they used to be, but are almost an entirely new species.
Your task will be to take care of one of these three Pokemon, whom I'm calling Mystic Pokemon.
Kara: Wait, so you'll just give us one of these rare Pokemon?
Professor: Ah, it does come with a caveat. I need the two of you to travel with Percy so he can report his findings as these Pokemon grow.
Percy: What?!
Professor: The usual route to the docks is blocked by a large boulder, which means you'll need to take the long route.
Percy: I know that, but why do I have to travel with them?
Professor: It's a matter of safety, and \PN and Kara are liable to be attacked by the Doctrine again.
Percy: What makes you think <i>I</i> want to see them again? Why again do you want me to stick with them?
Kara: I don't like this kid's attitude. It's not like we asked to be assistants anyways...
Professor: A friend of mine holds the Rock Smash HM you'll need to take the long route, so I could easily keep her from giving it to you three.
Percy: So you're forcing our hand.
Professor: Simply offering an incentive for you to make a choice.
Ah! But since \PN has been quiet and kept from bickering, I will let them choose first.
Kara: Of course you will.
As you travel through the Zakos region, you might notice that the various environments can affect the tide of Pokemon battles.
We call these phenomena "field effects", and understanding them can often be the decicidng factor during battles.
We've discovered around 40 or so field effects, so be sure to check the Field Effect Manual in the game folder for descriptions of each.
Professor: Take your time, and come talk to me once you've decided.
Professor: Is that who you chose?
Interesting choice, \PN.
Professor: Your turn next, Kara.
Kara: The good thing about you choosing first \PN, is that it makes my pick easy.
Professor: I hope you three are satisfied with your choices.
Kara: What did you choose Percy?
Percy: I didn't pick from those three. There was a different one I wanted to observe.
Kara: Observe? That's lame. What's the fun in that?
Percy: It's not lame. I just don't enjoy battling.
I can have plenty of fun raising my Pokemon for research.
Professor: Let me stop you two right there.
Now that you've all picked, there's only one thing left to do.
Meet me in the open area in front of the cave entrance!
Professor: I nearly forgot, you will need these in order to document various Pokemon you find on your journey \PN, Kara.
\PN recieved a Pokedex!
Professor: And lastly, my green bookcases contain a lot of information that can benefit new trainers, so I do recommend giving them a read.
Percy: She's...
She's not going to make us battle, is she?
Kara: I'm gonna enjoy beating you and your <i>research subjects</i>.
Percy: ...
Percy: This is going to be <i>so</i> much fun.
Certain Pokemon in Zakos have altered types from their counterparts in other regions, maybe through a repressed gene or false classification.
This may affect how you utilize particular Pokemon so be cognizant of that as you travel. Provided is a full list of Pokemon we have observed changes in.
Psyduck + Golduck -> Water/Psychic
Noctowl -> Psychic/Flying
Volbeat -> Bug/Electric
Illumise -> Bug/Fairy
Glalie -> Ice/Rock
Luvdisc -> Water/Fairy
Gorebyss -> Water/Psychic
Huntail -> Water/Dark
Zeraora -> Electric/Fighting
Yanmega -> Bug/Dragon
Accelgor -> Bug/Dark
Flabebe + Floette + Florges -> Fairy/Grass
Milotic -> Water/Fairy
Dunsparce -> Ground/Fairy
Mega Absol -> Dark/Fairy
Which Pokemon will you choose?
Are you sure?
Flying-type Treecko
Rock-type Torchic
Fighting-type Mudkip
Yes
No
[Map18]
Hehe, no way I'm letting people pass by without a batlle!
Guess you really wanted to get past me, huh.
In a way, you could call be the guardian of Logium Path!
I just saw a few people knock a hole in the cave wall up there.
They looked pretty creepy, so be careful!
Stay safe!
...
He's in a daze.
She's in a daze.
Don't you just love the musty smell of caves?
The cave's thick scent makes me feel better about losing.
Would you believe me if I said I hadn't left this spot in weeks?
Hiyah! Let me prove my worth!
I have dishonored my clan.
I live in Logium Town B up north with my two brothers. They will not be happy to hear of my loss.
[Map19]
^ Logium Town B ^
While my brother is strong like the cave walls, I am as serene as the forest trees.
...That sounded a lot cooler in my head.
My brothers and I are very different, it's astounding that we've been able to live together this long.
If it wasn't for all the wild Pokemon, this would be the perfect day for a picnic!
Since I didn't get my picnic, you could've at least let me win.
Go away. You're mean.
???: Hm? A stolen Pokemon?
My my how unfortunate, I do hope you find the thief soon...
...
???: Not buying it?
Was it because I was hiding shadily behind here?
I guess there's no other choice then, you are about to do battle with the great Pokemon thief Listis!
Tch.
Listis: You-
You'll rue the day you crossed me.
Just take the Pokemon. I have bigger catches that are a better use of my time.
Isn't the air on this path so refreshing?
Ahhhh...
Did you know that trees release chemicals that make you happier?
*cough* *cough*
There's something going on in there- *cough*
Fog appeared out of nowhere, nearly put me in a daze.
*cough*
Whatever you do, don't go in there. I'm warning you.
Let me add you to my collection!
Oh, you're not a bird?
I've been out here for three days trying to find a rare orange bird from Hoenn, so I'm in a bit of a daze right now.
I would say that I like shorts, but the grass is kinda scratchy.
I only lost this battle because I was itching so much.
I would change out of these shorts, but it's kinda my thing, you know?
Your party has been healed!
[Map20]
The text is too garbled to make out.
Time dies and undending Space ceases, and from the ashes of the old world a New World will rise.
Logium Library
The Xatu is holding a sign around its neck.
"Hello! This is the Xatu Taxi, sponsored by the Emera family!"
"I can take you between the parts of town on this island, but only if you've been there before!"
Where would you like to go?
Tent of Mystery
Kara: I'm not wasting any time. Come at me \PN!
Awwww.
Kara: ...So that's how it is, huh.
I'm going to go train.
The entrance to the Connecting Caves leading to Logium Town C are where we found Percy that first time. You'll probably wanna head there.
This should help you get past the rocks blocking the way.
Tell Percy that if I'm not at Logium Town C by the time you guys are, just leave without me.
Have fun.
Kara: Hey \PN!
I ran into Percy on the way here, I was hoping to catch you before you challenged Minerva.
You and him have been spending a lot of time together huh...
Oh well, I might've lost our little challenge but I'll show you that beating her doesn't mean you're stronger than me.
And I can definitely give you a way better battle than Percy ever can.
I'll be waiting near the Pokemon Center, and you bet I'll kick your ass this time.
There's really nothing as relaxing as watering my garden on a lazy day.
You know, there's a very pretty grove off of Logium Path.
Quite serene, but when I go at night, sometimes there's a small Ghost-type Pokemon that's there with me.
I wonder why it's there? I'd imagine it's very lonely...
A Pokemon jumped out of the barrel!
Hey! Do you want to exchange Rockruffs? Mine has a cool ability!
Aw boo.
This is gonna be great!
\PN traded Rockruff for Rockruff!
Yay! Thanks!
Thanks for the trade, that makes us best friends now!
You wanna get past me?
No way! I hid some good stuff back here.
I ain't letting you through unless you're willing to fight me.
That's a shame...
Aw shucks, if you're gonna steal my treasures I guess I'll have to go get new ones...
Logium Town A
I'm Good!
Logium Town C
Yes
No
Let's battle!
Nah...
[Map21]
Minerva: I had this arena built when I inherited the position of keyholder.
I'm glad it's seeing use after so long.
Vince: This will be a six-on-four single battle. The battle will end when all of either's side's Pokemon are knocked out.
Vince: This will be a six-on-six single battle. The battle will end when all of either's side's Pokemon are knocked out.
Minerva: It's been a while since I've beaten a challenger. I don't trust that this will go any differently.
Vince: Begin!
Well done!
Minerva: ...Well.
I guess it was only a matter of time before someone managed to beat me.
Vince: Damn \PN, that's the first time I've seen her lose.
Minerva: Yes, yes, congratulations \PN. You deserve this.
\PN recieved the Hierophant's Key!
Minerva: That key has some useful benefits, for one, it allows Pokemon of up to level 25 to obey you.
Vince: It also allows you to use the machine Rock Smash outside of battle!
Minerva: Additionally, here's a gift from me to kick off your challenge.
Minerva: That TM contains the move Cosmic Power. Utilize it well, and your Pokemon will be as resilient as the stars.
Minerva: If you're planning on challenging the rest of the Pantheon, you have a tough road ahead.
I doubt even the king's closest advisors know where some of the keyholders are.
Vince: At any rate, I'm pretty sure you're the only one who lives on this island, sis.
Minerva: Yes, although I actually contacted a keyholder, Agrus, after the whole fiasco in the Meadow Temple.
He was supposed to be here by now, so I'm not sure what happened.
Vince: Knowing him, he probably got sidetracked chasing a rare Pokemon or something.
If Agrus isn't gonna show up, your next best bet would be Auriga City. There's actually four keyholders that live there if I recall correctly.
Minerva: That's right, although it has been a long time since I've met any of them.
As for what I promised, meet me in the right most wing of this floor, the attendant should let you through now.
Vince: See ya \PN, and good luck with your journey!
[Map22]
My son ran off earlier today, I hope he's ok...
I cannot thank you enough for finding my idiot son.
I hope this is enough for your troubles!
Raising children can be very difficult sometimes.
Can't believe you got me caught...
My mom gave me this Meowth but...
He's just too fat. He's kind of gross looking.
[Map23]
I own a Rockruff suit that I wear sometimes, but my friends think it's pretty weird.
The mundane trials of everyday life threaten to consume me!
[Map24]
I just moved here, but there's some things that make me uncomfy.
It's weird to think that all the decisions in or government come from one guy.
I guess it's better than other regions though, who knows if they even have a government.
[Map25]
My two brothers like exploring, but me?
I'm just getting those gains, bro.
With this, you can get some gains too.
I'd talk more, but I gotta keep pushing, bro.
[Map26]
The text is too garbled to make out.
And thus, the High Architect with His thousand hands crafted a world from stardust, from nothingness.
???: It's been a while since we've sojourned here, but something feels.. <i>off</i>.
Do you feel it too, Rose?
Rose: It does feel odd. I don't recall ever seeing the cult moblize out here either.
???: Vermin. If the king had any sense left he'd strike them down.
Hopefully, Minerva's able to drive them out.
Rose: ...Do you need something from us?
???: You...
How,\| how-
Rose: Is everything alright, Miss?
???: What's your name? Where are you from?
...
???: \PN... but you've newly moved here.
...My apologies, it seems I must have mistaken you for someone else, hoho!
???: Ah, excuse my manners, let's properly acquaint ourselves.
My name is Olga Dantelle, and this is my attendant Rose Amphitrite.
Rose: Greetings.
Miss, I do believe our business on this island is done now.
Olga: Yes yes, although I do love visiting this shrine whenevr I'm in the area.
So serene.
Rose: The next keyholder is in Auriga City. It's a fair bit away, so we should make haste.
Olga: Indeed.
Again, I apologize for the confusion \PN, it's a pleasure to meet a new trainer however!
Ta-ta!
Olga: Actually, do you know about the keyholders \PN?
Olga: I thought not. Would you please explain Rose?
Rose: I'm not sure why we're doing this now, but as you wish.
There is ancient law in Zakos that keeps the reigning monarch's power in check.
The castle atop Mt. Olympa is guarded by twelve gates, each having a unique key guarded by a keyholder.
These keyholders are collectively referred to as the Pantheon.
And so it goes, one who is able to collect all twelve keys and scale Mt. Olympa may challenge the monarch for their throne.
Olga: Of course, the monarch never makes it easy for the keys to be collected, as the trainers are powerful and scattered across the region.
The last time someone was able to defeat the Pantheon was nearly fifty years ago, after which I had the honor of being chosen as a keyholder by the new king,
Joseph.
Rose: Miss, why bring this up now? And why to a random trainer?
Olga: I see... potential in \PN.
As much as I respect King Joseph, he's as washed up and old as I am, hoho!
It would be <i>quite</i> interesting if someone was able to collect the keys after so long.
Rose: Well, I suppose if you truly are interested, there is a keyholder on this island...
Olga: Ah yes! Minerva, the head librarian of the Logium Library. The purpose of my visit here was actually to check up on her.
Rose: We must take our leave now, Miss.
Olga: I suppose. I do hope you consider it \PN, and I look forward to recieving your challenge for my key someday!
Rose: Farewell.
???: Excuse us.
[Map27]
Welcome to the Berry Emporium!
Thanks for shopping with us!
[Map28]
This wing of the library is home to books you would find in a Trainer's School.
While I may not be a trainer anymore, I've heard the books in here have helped many a stressed student.
Oh, I'm afraid this is the wrong section.
Good luck!
Ah, I'll shelf this right away!
I'm afraid this is the wong section.
"Ventures in Thanatology"
"Dissecting Genesect"
"Fitness Tips from a Machamp Trainer"
"Deciphering Runerigus' Drawings: A Dive into Ancient History"
Sponsored by the Emera Family
"The History of Zakos' Crown"
Were you the one who accepted my help request?
*\PN handed over the book!*
Ah there it is, I've been looking for it for ages, but I could never find it.
I guess that was because it was checked out all this time!
Here's your reward, some cash and an egg of a Pokemon very precious to me.
Ta-ta, and thanks again, trainer!
"Environmental Sciences with Trubbish and Garbodor"
"Why Use Big Word When Small Word Do Trick: A Dictionary for Efficient Speakers"
"Smeargles Sketching Tips"
Here are reference books geared towards hobbyists, such as cycling manuals, cookbooks, and contest records.
I find many of the cookbooks here quite useful, especially for a beginning chef like me.
Hmmm, you and that young man aren't the first to mention the False God.
Years ago, we had a disheveled man collapse in here after handing us some notes from an "Aether Foundation".
The notes mentioned the creation of an entity called the False God, wielding a "blasphemous judgement", whatever that means.
The man rested a few days in town and promptly left, and we stored the notes in this section.
A couple of weeks ago, we had someone check out the notes though, a pair that looked to be from the Church.
They headed out to Logium Town C, and who knows, they may still be there.
"Fluency in Archaeos, the Language of the Unown"
"How to Clean and Cook a Barboach"
"Grace and the Rhyhorn: Unorthodox Horse Racing Methods Across the Globe"
My ancestors are from Kalos, so I enjoy reading Kalosian history from time to time.
Oho, the False God.
Now that's something I haven't heard in a long, long time.
I don't know much about it myself, but I overheard my sister, a Church priest, mention it in passing.
I tried asking around about it, but they were all quite frosty. Never found out a thing.
"Me and My Masquerain: Memoirs of a Professional Photographer from Kalos"
"A Collection of Memoirs and Firsthand Accounts of the Elusive Mewtwo"
"How to Hit Like Hitmonchan!"
"How Magnemite"
This section contains books pertaining to the history of Zakos and many other regions, as well as important people.
Try not to fall asleep in there, though it won't have been the first time we'd had to wake someone up.
"Pokemon Geography: Cultures and Organization in the Wild"
"Zakos Mythology"
???: Welcome to the Logium Library!
My name's Vince, I'm one of the librarians here.
If you need help, don't be afraid to ask!
"The Eruptions of Mt. Athreos"
"100 Ways to Prepare an Exeggcute for Breakfast"
"Totodile Encyclopedia: Every Fact (and Some Opinions) About Totodile"
"Physics with Throh: Calculating Arcs with Pokemon"
Welcome to the Logium Library!
What can I help you with?
The Logium Library was founded decades ago as a home for prophecies, epics, relics, and other important written works that were without a home.
Unfortunately, a freak fire fifty-or-so years ago claimed almost everything in the library. What survived the fire was sold or traded, or simply stolen.
A few years after the fire however, the Emera family decided to start restoring the library, and as you can see, the library is almost good as new!
The current head librarian, Minerva Emera, has been looking for the lost texts and relics that survived the fire so they can be kept safe in the library again.
I don't envy her, it's a tough task for sure.
The bottom floor of the library is for nonfiction texts and reference materials, and the top floor holds works of fiction, including plays and other forms of prose.
Each floor has four wings, and there should be an attendant in each wing who can help you pin down where specific texts would be located.
It can be a lot at first glance, but everything's pretty well organized.
Good luck finding what you're looking for!
"How to Make Your own Pokedolls! (Cleffa, Marill, and More!)"
"Learning Grappling With Grapploct"
"The Tragic Weaponization of Magmortar"
You want to find a book?
Ah, well, The Great Gastly would be located upstairs with our other fiction works, the attendants up there should help you narrow down its location.
Hm? It's checked out?
Well, should be easy enough to find out who has it.
Gimme a sec...
...
Got it! It was checked out by an old man, their address is in... Logium Town A.
It's long overdue, so if you could get it back to us that'd be fantastic!
It was checked out by an old man, their address is in... Logium Town A.
The False God...
This is strange, a young man with an odd hexnut Pokemon came in a few days ago asking for the same book...
Unfortunately, I'm not really sure where the book would be, or what a false God even is. Sounds kinda spooky if I'm being honest.
That young man is upstairs though if you want to talk to him.
"Beginner's Studies in Classic Zakos Literature"
"Meriam-Dwebble's Dictionary"
Kara: Hey \PN! I didn't think I'd run into you again so soon.
Oh! I actually just learned something super cool that might interest you!
I was asking Vince here for battling opportunities and apparently, there're people called keyholders-
Kara: You already met one?
Lucky, I would've challenged them right then and there!
Kara: I've been thinking about ways to make Jirachi respect me y'see, and like, becoming a strong trainer would <i>probably</i> work...
But becoming queen would definitely make Jirachi acknowledge me!
I was gonna challenge the keyholder here, but-
Vince: Unfortunately she's out investigating something that popped up in the Connecting Caves.
I'm sure she won't be out for long, but a fair warning: All the Pantheon members as far as I know have full teams, and Minerva's actually never been beaten.
Kara: Hmmm, I guess I'll just train while I wait for her to return then.
Never been beaten huh...
\PN! Why don't we see which one of us can beat her first?
Winner gets bragging rights!
Vince: Y'know, It's been a while since someone's challenged Minerva, and she's one of the more well-known keyholders.
This is pretty exciting for me, so if you want some advice, just ask!
"The Facts and the Myths: What We Know (And Dont Know) About the Ultimate War"
"Poke-Gardening: How to tend to your Roselia, Lilligant, Bellsprout, and more!
"Porygons Secrets: Geometry in the World Around Us"
???: Hm?
I am Clytius, Templar of Diligence.
Do you wish to challenge me? If not, leave me in peace.
Clytius: Very well. May the most diligent one be blessed with victory.
The Lord recognized your diligence and you prevailed
Clytius: You have bested me. Take these as a sign of my respect.
Clytius: May you prevail in future endeavors.
Clytius: Mayhaps our paths will cross again yet another day.
Vince: Hey \PN! What do you want to know?
Minerva specializes in Psychic-type Pokemon, and her ace is her Sigilyph, Lorem Ipsum, a fast but frail special attacker that won't hesitate to put you to sleep and rack up stat boosts. Try not to get swept!
Minerva fights on Psychic Terrain, a pretty basic field that boosts the power of her Psychic-type moves and reduces the power of Dark-type moves.
It also amplifies the stat changing effects of moves that use the mind, like Nasty Plot, Meditate, and Calm Mind.
Minervas a fan of strategic battles, and this time, her team revolves around boosting her stats, allowing her Pokemon to hit harder or tank hits.
If you can somehow prevent her from setting up, youll dismantle her strategy for an easy win.
Alternatively, use strong attacks that can take out her Pokemon before they can raise their stats.
Minerva also likes putting the opposing Pokemon to sleep and using those turns to set up, so a way to keep your Pokemon from falling asleep can save you a massive headache.
Vince: The first book is... "The Princess and the Froakie"
The quicker you finish, the quicker you can have your battle!
Vince: Next up is... "The Adventures of Shuckleberry Finn"
Vince: Halfway there! This one's... "A Compendium of Spinda's Spots"
Vince: Here's... "25 Delicious Ways to Cook a Slowpoke's Tail"
Vince: Almost done... "History of the Galarian Cup"
Vince: Last one... "Studies in the History of Spear Pillar"
Vince: And that's all! You'll be able access the arena now.
Good luck, and don't be afraid to ask for tips!
Vince: Heya \PN!
So, Minerva's waiting in the arena <i>but</i>, she forgot that she had some work to do first, of course.
You're gonna be helping me out instead!
I got six books here, you just gotta put them in the correct section. Talk to the attendant, and if it's the right section, they'll shelf it for you. Otherwise, you might be in for a battle.
The first book is... "The Princess and the Froakie"
"Topography 101"
"Chess Strategies from a Slowking"
"Poke-Algebra for Dummies"
...zzzzz...
"Gulpin World Record Book"
"Sightings of Zoroark Through the Ages"
This section contains reference books like dictionaries and encyclopedias.
It's not our most popular section, but useful nevertheless.
"The Horrifying History of Cascoon"
"Cities Beneath the Waves? Conspiracy Theories from Across Zakos"
"Scandals in the Contest Scene: A Contemporary History of Hoenn"
Aha! With this, I can start training for the Pokeathlon!
"Kanto Archeology: From Kabutops to Omastar"
"The Secret Inside of Every Wailord's Cavernous Mouth"
"Studies in Ancient Zakos"
Ah!
...Please don't tell anyone you saw me here.
I'm supposed to be studying, but I wanted to beat this level...
"Sinnoh's Secret History"
"The Bulbasaurus"
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
I'm going to fail this test so bad...
About the library
Where can I find...
Cancel
Yes
No
Speciality
Field
Tips
[Map29]
"The Lotus Lantern"
"The Merchant of Venusaur"
"Rhydon Quixote"
"The Curious Incident of the Furfrou in the Nightime"
"The Maltese Falinks"
"Torracat on a Hot Tin Roof"
"Twelfth Corviknight"
"2001: A Dunsparce Odyessey"
"The Tale of Zorua and Pangoro"
There seems to be a gap where The Great Gastly would've been located...
This section here holds our modern literature, quite popular among those around your age we've found.
There was a lull in published works in Zakos for a while, but after the Emera family began rebuilding the library, we've seen a resurgence in new bestsellers.
Oh, I'm afraid this is the wrong section.
Good luck!
I'm afraid this is the wong section.
Many fairytales and folklore are kept here, along with miscellaneous picture books.
I would say you would be the oldest person to peruse the shelves in this section but a girl just about your age swings by from time to time.
Ah, I'll shelf this right away!
"The Houndoom of Baskerville"
"The Death of a Sobble"
"The Little Wailmer"
"The Catcher in the Rhyhorn"
The text is too garbled to make out.
A pact of three chained Time and Space to their throne.
"King Ler"
"The Taming of the Sandshrew"
"Cobalion, the Glitch, and the Wartortle"
Drama! If you're looking for works to tickle your thespian tendencies, here's where they'll be!
To tell you the truth, when no one's around I sometimes pick up one of the plays and act out all the parts myself!
You fitted the Hierophant's Key in the keyhole.
The door unlocked!
"The Diary of a Wimpy Skiddo"
Old literature is what you'll find here, works such as The Invisible Mon and Rhydon Quixote among many others.
If I'm being honest, I find the books in this section pretty boring, but if they're your cup of tea then have at it.
The Great Gastly?
It's in this section, but I'm not sure <i>where</i> exactly...
Maybe people in the section can help you.
"The Invisible Manectric"
The white rabbit, in my opinion, is one of the richest metaphors in philosophy.
First, the rabbit is always running after time, always late. Regardless of how fast he runs, he will keep running late.
This symbolizes the human condition, prisoner of time, day after day, in a life itself bound to lose against its fight against the passing of time, and end with dea-
...Oh, you don't really care, do you?
The Great Gastly? Ah what a fine piece of literature. I personally think that the extended metaphor of the green ligh-
Oh, you just want to know where to find it? It should be second row from the top, and I believe on the left half.
"Alice's Adventures with Stoutland"
"The Grapes of Poliwrath"
Percy: Hey \PN, let's go figure out what this Drowned City business is.
And um, good job beating Minerva.
"Oedipus Calyrex"
This section contains very ancient and fragile texts, and as such, those without the Emera family's endorsement cannot enter.
Go right ahead.
"Stakataka's Castle"
???: Oh, 'sup?
Name's Warren, Warren Stanfield.
I've never seen you around these parts before, where're you from?
...
Warren: Not much of a talker, huh?
I dig it. Strong and silent kinda vibe.
Well, I'm gonna go back to reading.
Was nice meeting you.
Warren: Y'know, there's something to be said about books being <i>too</i> complex you feel?
What's the point of being all deep and metaphorical if most people don't know what you're trying to say?
That's why I tend to like books in this section of the library.
Warren: Oh, my little friend right here?
He's Muto, my Meltan. I was chosen as a little kid, apparently that makes my title Alchemist or something?
I dunno about any of that, but he hangs around and he's chill. He likes reading too.
Warren: If I'm being honest, I don't get what the big deal is with the whole cold war thing.
I don't really care for the Church <i>or</i> the Doctrine but hey, let people worship who they want, right?
Guess people really like it when others live like they do.
Warren: So like, you're pretty quiet right?
That's cool. It's probably harder to keep quiet than speak a lot of the time, so I respect the effort.
I just hope that when the time comes that someone needs to speak up, you won't keep quiet then.
Warren: Come here often?
Huh, I thought that was pretty funny too...
Ah whatever. What's up?
Oh, this is kinda funny, but that help request was actually from me.
Hehe, looks like we're accomplices now.
Honestly, I have no friggin' clue what the False God is, but I got a tip-off from some... friends who said it was something important.
It's been a few days and I haven't found jack shit though...
Now that I've got a buddy helping me, this is gonna be way easier.
I'm readin' through some notes and whatnot right now, why don't you go ask around and see what you can find out?
Warren: I consider myself like, a big reader, but this shit is making me fall asleep.
Hurry up, or you're gonna have to drag my sleeping body outta here.
Warren: You found somethin'?
Hell yeah, I knew I could count on you, bud.
So, if I'm understanding right, the False God is a sort of entity, maybe a Pokemon.
I think we can probably assume that it's manmade, since it has to be "created".
Most of the books about it burned, which explains why I haven't found anything in this giant-ass library.
But there's notes from an "Aether Foundation" that talk about it, and some Church dudes picked it up a couple of weeks ago.
We got some useful information. I'm gonna head out to Logium Town C and see if I can get those notes.
Oh! Here's a lil thanks for helping me out here.
We're good buds now, so I better be seeing you in Logium Town C, you dig?
Catch ya later dude.
"The Importance of Being Larvesta"
"Wingulliver's Travels"
"Murkrow on the Oricorio Express"
"Of Raticate and Men"
"Lickitung's Lollipop"
There's nothing quite like the new book smell.
You young'uns wouldn't know.
"Jack and the Alolan Exeggcutor"
"Slakothello"
"A Tale of Two Skittys"
"A Streetcar Named Dhelmise"
"Cascoon Chalk Circle"
*sniff*
W-why'd the princess hafta turn into a Froakie...
"Adventures of Cherubi Finneon"
"Lord of the Flygon"
"The Wingull"
"The Sleeping Beautifly"
Why do all 'f these have happy endings?
Where's th' realism?
Th' False God? I 'member readin' 'bout it once. 'pparently most of the books 'bout it burned a long time ago.
"The Cloyster Cycle"
"Kricketune on the Roof"
"The Turtwig and the Hare"
"Where the Loudred Fern Grows"
To be, or not to be-
Ah... this is kinda embarassin'
People don't expect me to be a thespian, but what else am I gonna do on long hikes?
"The Phantump Tollbooth"
[Map30]
[Map31]
Percy: Do you need to leave?
Percy: I'll wait for you here then.
Percy: Let's get going then.
???: Oh, hello.
Were you planning on going ahead? Apologies, but I'm not sure if it would be the smartest idea to wander around here.
New ruins are always fascinating but I saw a large number of the Doctrine head in here before me.
My name's Minerva, I'm a librarian up in Logium Town B. And you are?
...
Minerva: Nice to meet you \PN. And a challenge? My, I haven't battled as a keyholder in a long while.
I'm afraid it'll have to wait while I investigate these ruins however.
Although...
Minerva: I assume you're a trainer, right?
Tell you what, if you assist me in exploring these ruins, I'll gladly battle you.
I could definitely take care of myself, but it'd be rather cumbersome to have to battle through Doctrine members.
Your help would certainly be appreciated!
???: \PN?
Percy: I guess it was only a matter of time before I ran into one of you two.
I heard that some Doctrine members had unearthed some ruins, so I figured I'd look into it.
...\PN, if you're planning on exploring as well, could I stick with you?
I'm not too confident that I'd be able to battle on my own if I need to, but if both of us are there we could probably keep ourselves safe.
Probably.
Percy: Thanks \PN. I'll be sure to keep our Pokemon healed up. Hopefully it won't be needed.
Yes
No
[Map32]
Your party has been healed!
[Map33]
There's a gap between the trees. Do you want to go through?
You're not going anywhere!
I guess I was wrong.
I was hoping to be the one to catch you, but there's plenty more of us who'll do the job.
The boss told us a couple of runts would be headin' our way.
Percy: Your boss?
Y'all are pretty string runts though...
It's fine. Neither of you hold a candle to the boss.
Percy: The Doctrine has seven leaders. I wonder which one is down here...
Percy: ...So,\| how is this even possible?
What <i>are</i> these ruins?
Minerva: Ah, you brought a friend \PN.
Hello, my name is Minerva, I'm a librarian in Logium Town B.
Percy: Hey.
So, do you know what any of this is?
Or where we even are?
Minerva: I know just as much as the two of you do.
It's quite fascinating, there should be no way a forest should be able to grow underground...
And I can't begin to understand why these were hidden beneath ruins.
Percy: What could the Doctrine possibly want here?
Minerva: All the more reason to investigate!
I'll go north. You two continue south and then we can rendezvous.
Percy: I feel really uneasy...
Let's press forward \PN.
The wild Turtwig fled!
To be honest, <i>I'm</i> not even sure what we're doing down here, but I just have one job: To capture you two!
Ugh, the boss didn't tell us you were so strong.
Go away. Let me nurse my pride.
Halt!
Go!
The wild Turtwig attacked!
A noise can be heard from inside the shrine.
Do you want to toss a Gourmet Treat in?
A Pokemon attacked!
You guys are walking right into our hands!
Don't think this battle meant anything!
If you continue, it's a lose-lose for you.
I wonder what a forest is doing so deep underground...
How can plants grow without sunlight?
Man, this is hurting my head.
There's weird sounds coming from the tree stump...
The sounds are getting louder...
...
A Pokemon jumped out of the tree stump!
Yes
No
[Map34]
Can you feel the energy radiating as you get closer?
Urgh.
It kinda tickles my stomach...
The wild Turtwig fled!
Our designs are blessed by the lord Giratina.
Heresy!
You blasphemers will meet your end soon.
Let's get this over with.
Oh well.
It's not like I can stop you now.
Pride: D'you two know what this is?
Percy: Looks like a statue of a... Tangrowth.
I'm assuming there's something special about it, unless you came here just to admire it.
Pride: These statues're known as Temple Guardians. There're eighteen scattered throughout Zakos.
What I'm here for ain't the statue though, but what it's holdin'.
Percy: What <i>is</i> that?
It's... humming.
Pride: You can feel the energy it's releasin', right?
That's how a forest this big is able to grow underground.
Pretty damn cool, ain't it?
Percy: What could you possibly be planning on doing with that...
Pride: Looks like you'll just have to wait and see.
Percy: Like we're just going to let you. Get ready \PN.
Pride: Lemme guess what's about to happen.
Y'all are gonna try and stop me even though neither of you know what we're really plannin'.
And then I'll beat the living hell out of y'all in battle.
Percy: I don't like fighting at all, and I certainly don't want to fight you.
But it's looking like we don't have a choice here.
Pride: Fair point, kid.
I wasn't plannin' on letting you kids go anyways, fight or no fight.
Can't wait to wipe y'all off the bottom of my boots.
No no NO!
Pride: How'd, \|how'd I lose?
Percy: Not as confident as you were before, Pride?
Pride: Y'all got some insane luck or today's just not my day.
Even with you two cheatin' by teamin' up I should've been able to floor y'all.
Pride: Well, I was told not to use brute force but who gives a damn.
Pride: We're done here Edgar. Let's head out.
Percy: If he could've done that at the beginning, why didn't he?
You don't think the temple has like, some sort of defense system right?
Percy: Shit, I shouldn't have said anything. \PN, hold off the Tangrowth while I deal with the little ones!
Percy: That was... I'm not really sure what just happened.
We should probably tell Minerva what happened and then, try to figure out what the hell's going on.
Lux: Impressive.
If you two truly knew what they were planning, you would've tried harder to stop Pride from getting the True Meadow Plate.
The Doctrine isn't evil \PN. No one truly is.
Their current goal is the consequence of a single person's selfish actions.
Perhaps once you learn the truth to everything...
Ask Minerva about the Drowned City. You'll get some of the answers you seek.
Farewell \PN.
We're just trying to save everyone from the High Architect!
You should be on our side!
The High Architect doesn't forgive, but His Shadow does. It's not too late for you.
How'd you make it this far? The others must be slacking.
Maybe you're just too strong.
The boss is on this floor. He'll teach you a lesson.
The strongest, most fervent of us were placed closer to the temple.
Forgive me.
The Mirror blesses all of us.
[Map35]
Minerva: I'm going to look around here a bit. You should go help Percy.
Minerva: Percy was just telling me what happened.
I'm not sure what the Tangrowth could've been holding, nor why it would trigger the statue to suddenly animate.
To be entirely fair though, I wasn't aware that this temple existed at all until a few hours ago.
It appears I'll have to investigate this temple and the forest more.
Percy: What could the Doctrine possibly be planning?
Minerva: I'll look into it. I do have quite a bit of scholarly resources at my disposal.
...
Percy: Lux showed up again?
What's her deal? There's no way you and her are "old friends", you and Kara were stuck on that island, right?
Kara complained to no end about it.
Minerva: That aside... the Drowned City.
I did promise a battle for helping me out, didn't I?
Percy: I'll pass. Battling isn't my thing.
Minerva: Well, when you're ready \PN meet me in the library. I hold all my battles there.
Once you have my key, we'll talk about what this Lux said.
This could be something bigger than all of us.
Percy: Good luck \PN. I'll meet up with you once you finish your battle.
Percy: I told Minerva what happened. You should talk to her.
Minerva: \PN, Percy? Someone's been waiting here. Apparently they know you?
Percy: Huh?
Percy: Oh shit.
???: Ah! \PN, Percy, it's been a while hasn't it?
I'm glad y'all are joinin' us, always nice to have familiar faces 'round.
Percy: Cut the bullshit Pride. What are you doing here, and how do you know \PN?
Pride: I've known \PN almost as long as you, kid.
Percy: That doesn't even answer my question.
Pride: It looks like little \PN has some questions that need answerin' though.
Y'see, I'm good buds with this kid's dad here. Percy and I go way back.
Percy: ...This isn't about me, Pride.
Pride: My bad, I forget ya have daddy issues, Perce.
As for what I'm doin' here, why don't y'all follow me and see for yourselves?
Minerva: ...This is unbelievable.
It's hard to believe that such an ancient temple was buried underneath the island.
Percy: After everything you've heard, that's what you're interested in?
Minerva: Well, I was planning on leaving the Doctrine alone for the most part so long as they didn't mess with anything.
It does look like someone will have to step in though, rather unfortunate.
Percy: I don't see you doing anything to "step in".
Minerva: Oh, I'm not one for conflict or anything. That's why I asked \PN and by extension you to accompany me down here.
I'm sure you two can take care of... Pride you said?
Percy: So you're not going to help.
Minerva: If you two <i>really</i> need me then I suppose I'll have to, but I'd much rather look around this fascinating temple.
Percy: Ugh, suit yourself. I'm going after him.
Minerva: Now what exactly is this temple?
This is so exciting!
[Map36]
Um, did my mommy ask you to come get me?
Well, I'm not leavin'.
I'm gonna hide here until I can catch a Deino!
...No way!
A Deino! You <i>have</i> to catch it for me!
Awww, you let it get away...
Um. Actually, I don't want a Deino anymore...
Zwei-lous!
That was scary...
I'm gonna find my mommy. See ya.
This dark cave is perfect for meditation!
It appears I am not enlightened enough.
...
Smoochum is quivering.
Do you want to give Smoochum the Gourmet Treat?
Smoochum charged!
Smoochum looks upset...
It doesn't seem to notice you.
Can you help me find the exit?
Great.
Now I'm lost <i>and</i> my Pokemon have fainted.
The Pokemon in here are pretty strong!
On the other hand, I'm sure you'll do fine in here.
I wanted to catch some of the Pokemon here, but its proven pretty hard.
Yes
No
[Map37]
???: I have to say, this is pretty lame for a kid's room.
It's been a while \PN, you probably don't remember me though. No biggie.
Relax, I can't possibly hurt you in a dream.
That's right, this is all a dream.
It's a neat little ability my buddy gives me. You should ask your friend Kara about it.
...
???: You wanna know where we are?
Don't ask me, this is your repressed memory, not mine.
???: As for why I'm here, a... colleague of mine asked me to check up on you.
I'm sure the sleazebag'll be happy to hear you're doing alright.
???: Here's something Elmin probably hasn't told you.
The illusions keeping your island hidden are fading away.
I'm betting that the old man is trying to rush you and the Wishmaker off the island, right?
Well, that's why. He never does change.
???: If it makes you feel any better though, you won't have to worry about any of that for too much longer.
???: After my next stop, you can kiss your sheltered life good bye.
Adieu little \PN.
Jump in?
Yes
No
[Map38]
Allow me to use my mystical perception to evaluate the bond between you and your Pokemon.
I'll be waiting here.
Bliss. What a perfect bond between Pokemon and Trainer. How incredibly wonderful.
Take this as a thanks for showing me such a wonderful bond.
What trust, such an exquisite bond. Not perfect, however.
This Pokemon grows closer to you every day. How wonderful.
If you worked on this bond, I'm sure it would grow tremendously.
This Pokemon is rather unsure of itself. It needs more nurturing.
Oh my... it seems... worried. Something must be the matter.
Your Pokemon is frightened of you. You need to work on your bond.
I've been expecting you \PN.
Would you like your life to be mystically altered?
What future would you like to lead?
Life is too hard? I sympathize.
Your life has officially become much easier. Good luck!
Ah, you want to lead a balanced life. Respectful.
Your life has officially become painfully average. Good luck!
I suppose there are those who have the zeal for challenge.
All right, whatever you say, dear.
Your life has officially become more difficult. Good luck!
Come by any time you want. Your future can always be molded.
Buyer's remorse?
Very well, I can alter your future yet again.
Would you like me to make it easier?
It'll only cost 3 Green Shards.
Nothing in life comes for free, dear.
I can do that for you, but it will cost 3 Red Shards.
The price for this is 3 Blue Shards.
LUCK: Want to spicen up life? Sure, let's do it!
Yes
No
Easy Mode.
Normal Mode.
Intense Mode.
None.
Deal!
No Deal.
No Deal!
[Map39]
???: And the High Architect's designs will lead the virtuous to his thousand arms, and sinners to the depths of distortion and shadow.
Amen.
???: Hm? What is it Rose?
Rose: Miss, there's someone waiting for you in the back room.
???: I wasn't expecting any visitors...
[Map40]
???: Olga, looking young and beautiful as always. 20, maybe 21?
Olga: A touch over 96.
Olga: And to what do I owe the pleasure, Lawrence?
Lawrence: Could I not have dropped by just to visit a friend?
Olga: I thought the Royal House was taking an "isolationist stance" as of late.
Lawrence: Ahaha, that's fair.
King Joseph still lets us four advisors travel about so we can report goings-on in Zakos to him.
Olga: And here I thought he didn't care.
Lawrence: At any rate, I have a task for you, and one I'm sure you'll be interested in.
I need you to check up on the other Keyholders, make sure they're able to battle and be found and whatnot.
Olga: Why? Isn't it in Joseph's best interest that they remain unknown?
Lawrence: And you'd be right.
But you see...
I'm not here at our dear King's behest, Olga.
Olga: That's...
Lawrence: And that brings me to my second request.
Two days from now, two children will arrive at the shore of Logium Town, seemingly from nowhere.
These two need to challenge the Pantheon.
Olga: ...
And what makes these two so special? It's been fifty years since someone's managed to collect the twelve keys.
Lawrence: One of them is chosen by Jirachi, she's known as the Wishmaker.
And the other? Well... let's just say that when you meet them, you'll truly realize that this is worth your while.
I would take your leave as soon as possible, and don't worry, yours truly will hold your sermons in your absence!
Farewell, dear!
I hope for your sake as much as mine that this is worth my while.
Olga: Come on Rose. We're going on a small trip.
[Map41]
[Map42]
Which difficulty mode would you like to play on?
<ac>--ZAKOS IMMIGRATION BOOTING UP--</ac>
???: Good evening!
Are you ready to make the wonderful Zakos region your home?
My name is Lawrence Monteo. I'm a royal advisor, and I have the honor of greeting every single one of you during immigration!
Lawrence: Before we begin, is there anything you need assistance with?
Lawrence: First, let's talk more about this incredible region you've chosen to move to!
The Zakos region is quite expansive. It's split up into four subregions, each incredibly diverse and a host to many areas you can explore.
And despite the lack of a traditional league challenge like in other regions, Zakos still has a rich battle culture.
In fact, one of the largest tournaments in the world is held here: The Lyra Tourney.
Pokemon in the Zakos won't grow to their full potential unless you find ways to prove your worth to them. I'm sure you'll figure out ways to do so!
If battling is your thing, there is no shortage of opportunities to indulge.
Lawrence: We hope that you can find a place to call home here!
Lawrence: Now, let's move on to the most important part.
What do you look like?
Lawrence: And with that, I'm sad to say our time together has ended.
I hope we'll meet in person one day, and enjoy your stay in Zakos!
Casual (Like Main Series)
Normal (Like Reborn)
Intense (For Masochists)
Controls
No info needed
[Map43]
The Mismagius returned to the manor!
Wh-What's going on?
Where's Agrus?
Agrus: Alrighty, this'll be a six-on-four double battle. Let's get rollin'!
Agrus: Alrighty, this'll be a six-on-six double battle. Let's get rollin'!
My head hurts...
Are you stuck here too? I might have some good items you can buy.
It's locked.
Data: Are you ready to go \PN?
I'll be dropping you off on the way to a stop I have to make, so this is farewell.
Thank you for assisting us here, and we'll be sure to stay in contact.
Let's go.
Data: Come talk to me when you are ready to leave.
I was just going on a walk...
Aight, take your place, the quicker we finish this, the quicker we can get the hell outta here.
Agrus: Mighty impressive.
I might've gotten a bit unlucky, but I ain't gonna be a spoilsport.
Here's the Hermit's Key.
\PN recieved the Hermit's Key!
Agrus: With that, you should be able to train up to level 35, and you'll be able to use the HM Cut outside of battle.
And a lil gift from me for showin' me a good battle, one of my favorite TMs.
Bugs are tougher than most people think, tenacious, use this move, and they can tank a few hits too.
...Well, we'd better go help those two out. If we work together, we should be able to find a way outta here.
Here, I saw some small trees here and there that you can cut down so we can start exploring more of the forest.
Zossie: \PN!!
I knew you'd come rescue us~
Data: Thank you both, that stasis tank certainly wasn't pleasant.
Agrus: No problemo, anythin' for y'all for rescuin' me first.
Ah \PN, What were you tellin' me about the... True Spooky Plate was it?
...
Data: Interesting, very interesting.
Agrus: So the cult douches are after this then.
Zossie: That's mean, don't they call themselves the Doctrine?
Agrus: Eh.
Data: At any rate, Zossie and I will try and find out what we can about these plates.
Zossie: We'll definitely swing by from time to time!
Agrus: That said, how're we getting outta here?
Data: Well, with the pull from the manor gone, Zossie and I should easily be able to teleport you back to the Connecting Caves.
Agrus: In that case, can you send me and my men first?
No offense \PN, but we should probably get anyone who was in that daze earlier outta here first.
Data: Probably for the best.
Once you're ready to go \PN, I'll go ahead and transport you after everyone else.
Agrus: See ya \PN. Thanks for havin' my back.
Zossie: This was super duper fun \PN! We should hang out again~
Espurr looks hungry.
Do you want to give it the Gourmet Treat?
It doesn't seem to notice you.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
Drifloon is eyeing you.
Zossie: Did I scare you \PN?
We managed to unlock the mansion up there!!
Come on, don't be a slowpoke!!
So you're gonna challenge Agrus, huh.
As a thanks for wakin' us up, I can give you a few tips, since you're in a for a tough fight.
Agrus is a Bug-type specialist and fights in doubles.
He doesnt go anywhere without Beelzebub, his shiny Butterfree, a fast and frail attacker that can hit really hard with Tinted Lens boosted attacks.
I'd make sure you bring a strong Rock-type.
Like any good ranger, Agrus is big into nature, so he likes fighting on the Forest Field.
His Bug-types can really take advantage of STAB moves boosted by the field, and slashing moves gain the Grass-typing, which his Bug-types can use as coverage.
Agrus likes to set up rain in order to cover his bugs' weaknesses, mainly Fire- and Rock-types. This can be used against him however, as it'll make your Water- types much stronger than normal.
His Pokemon tend to be fast attackers that rely on coverage or slower Pokemon that can set up. If you can find a way to deal with the fast Pokemon first, it'll be a lot easier to take the other Pokemon down.
Another strategy is to leave his rain setters alive and try to turn the battle into a 2v1, or alternatively, take the rain setters out first and stall out the rain so you can start making use of your Fire- and Rock-types.
Good luck.
Zossie: Hello again \PN!
Data went on ahead, but I decided to stay behind and wait for you!
There are people in here, but they appear to be in a daze. Whatevers forcing the portal open must be behind it.
Zossie: For some reason though, it doesnt seem to be affecting you at all. Weird.
Anywaysss, lets explore and find clues. Well have this solved in a jiffy!
Zossie: Data set up camp up ahead. Let's go!
How did I get here?
Yes
No
Speciality
Field
Tips
Cancel
[Map44]
???: I wouldn't recommend going in there if I was you.
???: Hello \PN! I'm Zossie, and this is my partner Data!
Data: Is there a point in introducing ourselves?
Zossie: Of course there is, \PN and I are the best of friends now!
Data's right though, you really shouldn't go in there.
Data: There have been quite a few spacetime anomalies in this region recently.
We've managed to clean up the others somewhat, but this one has been particularly annoying.
Zossie: Something inside the rift is keeping it forced open, and we're gonna find out what it is and fix it!
Data: That said, there isn't any room for you on this endeavor. I would ask for you to step aside, but I know how you trainer types work.
Battling isn't my forte, but if I must-
Zossie: Hold on! That's no fair, I want to battle \PN too!
I <i>never</i> get to use this dimension's Pokemon...
Data: An exaggeration to say the least. But if you want to battle, I won't stop you.
Zossie: Wait, but this doesn't seem fair either...
How about this, why don't you choose which one of us to battle, \PN?
Data: ...This is a waste of time.
Zossie: Nonsense! This way, everyone gets what they want!
Who do you want to battle?
Zossie: Yay! This'll be a lot of fun!
Wowwwww...
Data: Sorry about this \PN, but you and I both know that this is the only way to keep you from following.
This is a predicament.
Data: Why I trusted you to battle seriously evades my mind...
Zossie: Don't be mean! Both \PN and I tried our hardest!
Data: Well, you'll be a nuisance if you follow, but there's not much I can do to stop you now.
Zossie: We should squad up! \PN's definitely strong enough to help!
Data: Hmmmm. Not a bad idea Zossie.
Since you'll most likely trail us, I suppose we might as well enlist your help.
Fair warning, once we go in, there's a high chance that we will not be able to leave until the rift is closed.
I would recommend coming prepared.
Data: We'll explain what we're going to do on the other side.
Zossie: Don't take too long \PN! It's gonna be great fun!
Data: Well, that didn't go as planned.
Though I still think you'll be a nuisance if you follow, there's not much I can do to stop you now.
Your party has been healed!
Zossie
Data
[Map45]
Data: Hello \PN.
Zossie: ...Who's this?
Data: Apparently he's the lead ranger of the group stranded in here.
His name appears to be Agrus... Kos.
Data: You know of him?
...
Data: A keyholder...
Zossie: What's that?
Data: It's a kingmaking tradition here. Think of them as odd Trial Captains or Gym Leaders.
Zossie: Oh huh... Does that mean you're gonna battle him \PN?
Data: Well, I was thinking, if we plan on helping these people, we might as well start with him.
And since you won't be able to battle him while he's in this state, you might have the most stake in finding a way to awaken him.
Zossie: Oh! That's a good point Data!
\PN, why don't you look around and try and find the source of the whole weird sleepy dazey thing?
Data: We'll see what we can do here.
Zossie: Oh! I found an odd key earlier that might help!
Data: ...And you didn't think to mention this earlier?
Zossie: Hehe... whoops?
Data: Congrats. It appears as though the fog has been lifted.
Data: A fog machine? Odd, something like that would require quite the technical knowhow.
Well, let's see if that was the source of the daze like we hypothesized.
Would you do the honors, Zossie?
Zossie: I gotchu!!
Agrus: Agh! What the hell?! What's going on?
Agrus: Who are you? Where am I?
Zossie: Whoa, chill. We just helped you out!
Data: You were in a coma-like state. We managed to wake you up.
What's the last thing you remember?
Agrus: Ugh... last thing I 'member was headin' down here at Minerva's ask, 'pparently there was an issue with the cult-douches.
My men and I entered the Connecting Caves, and we ran into a weird ass portal.
And I mean, c'mon, of <i>course</i> we were gonna investigate the portal.
So we go in, and next thing I 'member, is y'all kicking me awake. Literally.
Zossie: Um, sorry.
Agrus: Hold on, I jus' need a minute.
Data: I see, so this must've been before the fog leaked out into the caves themselves.
Zossie: So like, portals don't just appear, right?
Data: Yes, there must be something we're missing.
Who opened the portal, and who's operating the fog machine, and why?
Zossie: It's detective time! Let's roll out!
Data: Hold on.
Don't you have business with Agrus, \PN?
I would take care of it now. We don't know what we'll find, and if anything... unfortunate happens to us, you might not have another chance.
Zossie: Two-man squad then?
Data: It appears so. Join us when you're done.
Agrus: So, what do you need from me?
Agrus: A keyholder battle? Hell yeah, I'm down.
Been a while since I've taken on a challenger, and this'll be a good way for me to get my bearings.
I'm more comfortable battlin' outside. Jus' meet me out there when you're ready, because I ain't holdin' back.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
Data: Go on. We'll do what we can here.
Zossie: Good luck \PN! I know you can do it~
[Map46]
???: This shouldn't have happened.
THIS SHOULDN'T HAVE HAPPENED.
Why...
Kane: Why did father have to bring that home...
Violet: Myron, this has to stop!
Ever since you found that, <i>thing</i>, Kane has been acting strange.
Myron: Kane has always been strange, dear.
Violet: And what about our baby?
Myron: What about it?
Violet: You know exactly what.
Myron: Violet dear, while I understand your worry, everything will be fine.
You'll give birth to a beautiful baby, and this artifact will significantly help my research.
Violet: ...If you say so, Myron.
I'll go talk to Kane, maybe something else is bothering him.
All I want...
Violet: Save us.
The Sinistea fled!
Violet: Myron, please.
Myron: This is all my fault.
I should've listened...
Kane: This shouldn't have happened...
???: What's going on, mommy?
Violet: Nothing, Isabel dear.
Isabel: Why won't I be getting a baby sister?
Myron: ...
Myron: I'll make this right, I promise.
Myron: And then I'll throw the True Spooky Plate away.
You're nearly there.
Isabel: One more vision, and it'll all end...
Finally...
The Sinistea attacked!
Rest in Peace Marie.
Never able to spread her wings.
It's locked.
Would you like to insert the Odd Key?
The chest unlocked!
Agrus: Shit, man.
This house is givin' me the shivers.
Agrus: Have you found anythin' yet?
...Hold on.
Myron: Her name is Alice. She'll be ready in a few days.
Violet: And the Plate?
Myron: I'll lock it in the basement. Now, as for the key, we should hide it somewhere far far away.
Violet: ...Thank god, this will all be ending.
Myron: Soon, my love.
Agrus: ...
I don' know what the hell is goin' on but I've heard all I need to.
Let's try an' find the basement, then let's get the hell outta here.
Yes
No
[Map47]
There's a set of tiles.
Would you like to take a closer look?
The lock clicked open!
There appears to be two people in here...
WHAT IS THE PASSWORD
PASSWORD ACCEPTED
3: 12 + 13
1: 24 / 2
2: 23 x 4
Yes
No
Enter a Password:
Cancel
Enter a Name:
[Map48]
[Map49]
Minerva: Welcome.
This is a storage space where we keep items not ready to be shelved or displayed.
Or items we want to keep out of the public eye.
Now let's get to it, the Drowned City.
Long ago, before the Church of Arceus of the Doctrine of Giratina came into existence, there was a single religion that those in Zakos followed.
Those that followed this religion revered all legendary Pokemon, worshipping them indiscriminately.
Percy: ...What does this have to do with the Drowned City?
Minerva: I'm getting there.
Minerva: Rumor goes that ancient followers of this religion constructed a massive city made up of temples, with a chamber for each legendary Pokemon.
The ancient religion eventually split into the Church and the Doctrine, but it's rumoured that the sinking of the temple-city is what caused it.
Of course, this is all theoretical. There's no evidence that such a city exists, and no leads as to where it might even be located.
Percy: But?
Minerva: At least, that's what I thought until I inherited the Hierophant's Key from my father.
These are the only texts that survived the fire that burned the library years ago.
There is one in particular that details the creation of a massive temple-city, created as a conduit to "speak to the Gods", whatever that entails.
Percy: That has to be the Drowned City then!
Minerva: It's likely so. Unfortunately, we're still a fair bit off from understanding what exactly the Doctrine is planning, and the nature of the Underground Forest.
Percy: Lux didn't tell you anything else, did she \PN?
...
Minerva: The True Meadow Plate? Well, I can't say I know what that is, but it does give us a lead.
I'll try and learn what I can, and if you two find out any more, don't hesitate to tell me.
Percy: Lux, whoever she is, definitely knows a lot more than she's letting on, and she seems to have a weird interest in \PN.
\c[2]Percy: You'll let us know if she tells you anything else, right?
Percy: Great, if we put our heads together, we'll definitely get to the bottom of this.
Percy: I guess I can't really ask you to trust us when we've just met...
Minerva: I'll be off then, be sure to keep in touch.
Percy: Will do.
Minerva: And good luck with challenging the Pantheon \PN.
Percy: I'll head to Logium Town C and wait for you and Kara then, like planned.
I'll see you there, and thanks for trusting me \PN.
See you there I guess.
Yes
No
[Map50]
Well done!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
[Map51]
There are five houses sitting next to each other on a neighborhood street.
Each house has its own owner. Each house has different colored walls. Each house's owner drinks their own specific beverage, uses a specific Pokeball, and has a specific Pokemon.
None of the houses share a variable.
FOG MACHINE FACIAL RECOGNITION UNRECOGNIZED
SWITCHING TO MANUAL PASSWORD ENTRY\|.\|.\|.
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE MAGNEMITE OWNER
PASSWORD ACCEPTED
FOG MACHINE SHUT OFF
The owner of the center house drinks lemonade.
Violet lives next to the house with blue walls.
<i>I've discovered an interesting occurence with the Totem Mismagius here, it appears to be immune to all contact moves, maybe because of a held item?</i>
Trotsky lives in the house with red walls. Eve has a Shedinja.
The owner of the house with purple walls uses Love Balls.
Alice uses Heavy Balls.
Orwell drinks tea.
The owner who uses Quick Balls has a Froslass.
The one with a Ponyta lives next to the Love Ball user.
The house with yellow walls is just to the left of the house with white walls.
The Luxury Ball user has a neighbor who drinks water.
The one who uses Luxury Balls has a neighbor who has a Floette.
The owner of the house with yellow walls drinks coffee.
The owner who uses Dusk Balls drinks soda pop.
Violet lives in the first house.
Enter a Name:
Cancel
[Map52]
Hint!! Put the first password in a mirror to get the second!!
DISENGAGE LOCK 7?
LOCK 7 DISENGAGED
Yes
No
[Map53]
Agrus: \PN! You alright?
It took freakin' forever to make it through that goddamn lab.
What is all this anyways?
???: Don't be a stranger, come, join me!
Agrus: Who the hell is that?
Myron: Welcome to my abode, \PN Lazarus, Agrus Kos!
Agrus: ...Hold on, weren't you a ghost?
We just saw you in the dinin' room!
I'm not goin' crazy, am I?
Myron: The dining room?
Myron: Hmmmm...
Ah!
Myron: That wasn't me.
Rather, it was an old memory that I happened to be in.
Hardly representative of the current me, in my humble opinion.
Agrus: Enough of this, what the hell is goin' on?
Where are Data and Zossie?
Myron: Oh, your two friends?
In a stasis tank somewhere.
They are fascinating specimens, are you both aware that they are much much older than they look?
Possibly a consequence of constant space-time travel, or is it something else...
No mystery that I can't solve!
Agrus: No way in hell am I lettin' you experiment on friends of mine.
If you ain't gonna give 'em back, I'll just take 'em.
Myron: No. You won't.
Mismagius here is almost awake anyways, and that's my ticket away from this prison and into the world!
There's so much to explore, so much data to harvest!
Agrus: If all you wanted to do was leave, why didn't you just waltz outta that portal you opened up?
Myron: Ah, but I can't.
I died a long time ago, but the True Spooky Plate managed to reach out to my soul.
Im tethered to it now, and I can only go where it goes, give or take a few hundred feet.
Agrus: The True Spooky Plate?
Myron: What the Guardian Mismagius is holding.
Beautiful, isn't it?
When Mismagius has absorbed enough life force to awaken, I'll be able to travel alongside it.
Agrus: Like hell we're gonna let a nutjob like you roam around.
Myron: Nutjob hm?
Mayhaps, but can you blame me?
After living down here for so long, anyone would go a little crazy.
Agrus: Why are you the only one here anyways? Didn't you have a family?
Myron: Oh, them?
There were here alongside me at once upon a time, we all died at once when I attempted to dispose of the Plate.
I must've been off my rocker hahaha, why did I ever want to throw it away?
Anyways, I devoured them.
That's why I'm able to appear so clearly in front of you.
Agrus: That's-
Myron: It's not a big deal, don't worry.
If anything, they were supposed to be dead in the first place anyways.
Agrus: That's it, I'm done listenin' to you.
Myron: So soon? I was enjoying our conversation.
Just as well though, Mismagius is awake.
Myron: I'm sorry I have to do this, I really am.
What happened? Were my calculations wrong?
Myron: How...?
Where did I go wrong?
Agrus: Our friends. Now.
Myron: ...Fine, you'll find the stasis tank has been unlocked.
It's only a matter of time before I gather enough power anyways, you merely delayed the inevitable.
Agrus: No damn way I'm lettin' that happen. Rot.
Myron: Wait-
Agrus grabbed the True Spooky Plate!
Agrus: *huff* *huff*
Agrus: Myron disappeared the moment I grabbed this...
What even is this?
...
Agrus: Hold off on explainin' all that, let's regroup with Data and Zossie first.
Outside the manor.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
[Map54]
It's locked.
Accept the Help Request!
Piss off, can't you see I'm on break?
Listis: You again!
I'm not taking any chances this time!
Tch.
Listis: Gah!
Just take it.
\PN recieved a Cottonee!
Listis: Next time you cross me, I'll make sure you regret it!
I can't find it anywhere, ugh!
Ah, were you the one who accepted my Help Request?
The Pokemon is around here somewhere!
Were you able to find it?
Aw, that's fine I guess...
Thank you so much! Let's get the trade started!
\PN traded Inkay for Aipom!
Thank you so much!
Take this as an extra thanks!
Aww.
Shhhhh! I'm hoping if I wait enough, an Inkay will show up!
Percy: Excuse me-
\PN?!
What the hell happened to you?!
I've been waiting here for five days worried out of my goddamn mind that you might've been caught up with something bad!
I asked around, but everyone I talked to said that you went into the Connecting Caves and never came out.
That plus the weird fog thing and well...
Anyways, I'm glad you're ok, but where the hell were you?
Actually, just tell me on the boat, it's a long ride to Auriga City.
Percy: Oh, Kara swung by a couple of days ago.
She said that we should leave without her, so it looks like it's just us two-
???: Hold your horses!
Percy: Who...
???: Name's Agrus, travelin' ranger and keyholder.
\PN and I already met, who're you?
Percy: ...Percy Oleander.
Agrus: Oleander?
Oh! You're Juno's kid!
Percy: She's my aunt actually, but you know her?
Agrus: Yeah, all us keyholders know each other.
We meet at Olympa every coupla years.
She's one of the highest rankin' ones too.
Percy: Right... In all honesty, I forgot she did that.
She almost never gets challengers.
Agrus: That's true for all of us son, been a year or so since I got my last one.
Shame too, I really like battlin'.
Percy: \PN's taking on the Pantheon, aren't you?
Agrus: They've got two under their belt now.
Percy: Oh you beat Agrus? Congrats.
Agrus: I was holdin' back a little, but it was mighty impressive.
Percy: \PN <i>is</i> a pretty talented battler.
Agrus: Yup.
...
Percy: ...
Agrus: ...
Percy: So, to address the Cufant in the room,
Why are you even here?
Agrus: I'm taggin' along with y'all.
I got this True Spooky Plate thing, have a friend in Auriga who might know what it is.
Percy: True Spooky Plate? Hold on, where did you get that?
Agrus: Well, \PN and I went on a lil' outing...
Percy: So that's why you disappeared for a few days \PN...
What's the deal with these plates, and why does the Doctrine want them so bad?
???: No clue, but I didn't think fetching it would be this easy!
Name's Alex, and this is-
???: Harper.
Alex: Pride was real upset at us for screwing up in the Underground Forest, but this'll definitely put us back on his good side!
Harper: Not sure if this is the greatest idea, but whatever.
Alex: Get ready, because we're not losing a second time!
Are you kidding me?!
Yeah, whatever.
Alex: This isn't over, lemme just heal up my Pokemon and-
Harper: Just, come on Alex. You'll get them another day.
Agrus: Damn cultists are everywhere, huh.
Percy: They're not all bad, something has to have riled them up for them to mobilize like this.
Agrus: Whatever. We can take 'em on whenever they bother us anyways.
Percy: That aside, we should probably take the next boat to Auriga.
We're not in a rush or anything, but since we have the True Spooky Plate, getting answers from Agrus' friend should be our priority.
Agrus: Yeah, y'all two are pretty similar, Percy.
Percy: Me and your friend?
Agrus: Yep, the quicker we can leave, the quicker you can meet them.
Percy: Take care of any business you have, and meet us down at the port, \PN.
The Xatu is holding a sign around its neck.
"Hello! This is the Xatu Taxi, sponsored by the Emera family!"
"I can take you between the parts of town on this island, but only if you've been there before!"
Where would you like to go?
Nothing like cycling on the beach!
I can feel myself sinking in the sand already!
It's only a matter of time before the beach consumes me!
It's, so hot out.
I can feel my makeup melting off my face.
Warren: \PN!
Knew you'd show up, bud.
This church has been abandoned for a while, but it's the best lead we've got on the two that checked out those papers from the library.
I left you a help request in the PC, so go and accept that real quick and we'll break into here.
Alright, this church is supposed to be abandoned but there's nowhere else the notes could be.
Let's head in.
Warren: You ready?
Hey, kid.
I got a real rare Pokemon here, genuine bonafide.
I swear I didn't steal it or nothin' either.
If you got one of those cute lil buggers, Kricketot, I'll let you take this off my hands.
Quit wastin' my time.
Yo, let's get this party started then.
\PN traded Kricketot for Chatot!
I love this lil bugger already.
Thanks again dude.
Get outta here then.
Oh my, what a wonderful battle!
I remember when I could battle like that hoho!
Logium Lighthouse
Sand castle, sand castle!
Fun in the sun!
Yes
No
Logium Town A
Logium Town B
I'm Good!
[Map55]
???: So, you want to do battle?
???: My name is Bruce, and I shall be your opponent.
Are you ready to begin?
Bruce: Very well.
Bruce: Turning away takes courage too.
Bruce: You have displayed excellence.
Let me bestow upon you an Egg passed down in my family for generations.
Bruce: Treat it well.
...
The more I learn, the more I realize how much I still have to learn.
This too, was a learning experience.
You have learned all you can from me.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
You have shown excellence.
I look forward to our next battle.
I don't like the sand.
It's coarse, itchy...
Meditating's not my thing. Why'd I even come down here?
Your spirit is the true shield.
Your spirit shines brilliantly.
Let your spirit shine in greater conquests.
Yes
No
[Map56]
The pod seems to be locked by a set of tiles.
Would you like to take a closer look?
The lock clicked open!
Something flew out of the case!
The Mismagius returned to the manor!
Yes
No
[Map57]
[Map58]
Hello!
I can re-teach your Pokemon moves that they've forgotten for the price of one Heart Scale!
Looks like you have a Heart Scale. Do you want me to re-teach a move to your Pokemon?
Which Pokmon will it be today?
Anytime!
That's an egg.
Unfortunately, it ooks like I don't have anything to teachto that Pokemon.
What'll it be?
\PN handed over one Heart Scale in exchange.
Come again!
Anytime you want!
Oh, I have a gift for you!
Here it is, a brand-spankin-new CyberNav!
Alrighty then, see ya!
Hello, and welcome to the Pokemon Center!
Would you like us to take care of your Pokemon, dear?
Your entire party was healed!
Any time you need it!
Let's get you all healed up, dear.
Be careful out there!
Hello, hello!\nI am the Name Rater!
Want me to rate the nicknames of your Pokmon?
Which Pokmon's nickname should I critique?
I see.\nDo come visit again.
You can't name an egg!
I can't rate that kind of Pokmon! It's too devious!
\v[3], is it?\nThat is a decent nickname!
But, would you like me to give it a nicer name?
How about it?
Ah, good. Then, what shall the new nickname be?
Done! From now on, this Pokmon shall be known as \v[3]!
It looks no different from before, and yet, this is vastly superior!
\bHow fortunate for you!
Done! From now on, this Pokmon shall be known as \v[5]!
It is a better name than before!\nHow fortunate for you!
Taking care of Pokemon sure is difficult...
Hey! That's my Wooloo!
I don't think it'd like to be around me anymore though...
Say, why don't you take care of it then? It'd give me peace of mind for sure.
Also, here's some Gourmet Treats as thanks!
Sometimes if you see a Pokemon roaming about, you can attract it with these!
Ugh, none of my Pokemon are strong enough...
Hey! You found the Shinx, but the thief got away?
Shame. You might as well keep the Shinx for your troubles though.
Here's the reward I promised!
I really need to train.
I hate nature. I would spend the rest of my life in here if it meant avoiding the outdoors.
Ah! There they are!
Isn't it amazing that three different Bat Pokemon have found a home on this island?
Thanks for showing them to me, this'll certainly help my research!
Here's your reward!
Looks like you haven't caught all three yet. Come talk to me once you do!
I have another request if you don't mind.
Could you show me complete Pokedex data for 30 or more Pokemon? I'll give you a nice reward if you do!
I can't believe you did it! This'll really help my research out!
Ah! Long time no see \PN!
Were you the one who accepted my Help Request?
...
And you found the Turtwig? Excellent!
I'll go ahead and add the data to my Pokedex then!
Here's a reward for helping me out \PN.
A request has already been started.
Cancel the request in progress?
Request has been cancelled.
These are the available requests.\ch[1,8,Bat Collection,Lost Wooloo,The Great Gastly,Find My Son!,Pokemon Thief!,The False God, No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
This help request has already been answered.
"Three different Bat Pokemon can be found between Logium Town A and B.
I want to study them, but I'm deathly afraid of the dark, so caves aren't my thing.
If you could catch those three and show them to me, then it'd be a great help!"
Reward(s): 100, TM Flash \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'm sitting at one of the tables in the Center, talk to me once you've caught them!"
"Bat Collection" Help request accepted.
"I tried to shear my Wooloo, but when I got close it ran away!
Could you catch Wooloo and return it to me?"
Reward(s): Three Gourmet Treats \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'll be sitting at one of the tables in the Center once the deed is done!"
"Lost Wooloo" Help request accepted.
"I've been looking for the book The Great Gastly in the library, and I can't seem to find it for the life of me.
If you could find it, it'd be appreciated!"
Reward(s): 100, An Egg \n Will you accept this mission?
"Come find me in the library once you've got the book! The lady at the front desk should help you out."
"The Great Gastly" Help request accepted.
"My son's obsessed with Deino, and he ran off this morning to look for one.
I don't know where he went, and he doesn't have a Pokemon!
Can you please bring him back safely?"
Reward(s): 500, Three Full Heals \n Will you accept this mission?
"Please bring my son to my house once you find him."
"Find My Son!" Help request accepted.
"I got into a battle on Logium Path A and the opponent stole one of my Pokemon when they beat me.
They're crazy strong, but it'd be appreciated if you could beat them and get my Pokemon back!"
Reward(s): 600 \n Will you accept this mission?
"Talk to me by the mart once you've beaten the thief!."
"Pokemon Thief!" Help request accepted.
"I was looking for a book about a False God in the library, but there's nothing here, and nobody seems to know about it.
It's kinda important that I find the book, or at least <i>something</i> about the False God.
I could definitely use some help, so I hope you swing by."
Reward(s): 350, Super Potion \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'll be waiting at the library if you wanna help. Check in with the front desk lady and she if she has anything to say too."
"The False God" Help request accepted.
Yes
No
[Map59]
Hello!
I can re-teach your Pokemon moves that they've forgotten for the price of one Heart Scale!
Looks like you have a Heart Scale. Do you want me to re-teach a move to your Pokemon?
Which Pokmon will it be today?
Anytime!
That's an egg.
Unfortunately, it ooks like I don't have anything to teachto that Pokemon.
What'll it be?
\PN handed over one Heart Scale in exchange.
Come again!
Anytime you want!
Hello, and welcome to the Pokemon Center!
Would you like us to take care of your Pokemon, dear?
Your entire party was healed!
Any time you need it!
Let's get you all healed up, dear.
Be careful out there!
Hello, hello!\nI am the Name Rater!
Want me to rate the nicknames of your Pokmon?
Which Pokmon's nickname should I critique?
I see.\nDo come visit again.
You can't name an egg!
I can't rate that kind of Pokmon! It's too devious!
\v[3], is it?\nThat is a decent nickname!
But, would you like me to give it a nicer name?
How about it?
Ah, good. Then, what shall the new nickname be?
Done! From now on, this Pokmon shall be known as \v[3]!
It looks no different from before, and yet, this is vastly superior!
\bHow fortunate for you!
Done! From now on, this Pokmon shall be known as \v[5]!
It is a better name than before!\nHow fortunate for you!
A request has already been started.
Cancel the request in progress?
Request has been cancelled.
These are the available requests.\ch[1,8,Topsy Turvy,Scared Sailor,The Hunt!,Pokemon Thief Strikes Again!,The False God 2, No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
This help request has already been answered.
"There's a really rare Pokemon you can find on the beach in this town.
It's super duper cute, and pink and blue I think?
If you could catch one for me, I'd love that!"
Reward(s): A Cute Pokemon, Rare Candy \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'm relaxing at the beach, once you've caught one, come talk to me for your reward!"
"Topsy Turvy" Help request accepted.
"One of my best sailors got beaten while sailing and lost his sea legs.
If you could figure out a way to cheer him up, it'd be appreciated!"
Reward(s): Fresh Water, TM63 Embargo \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'll give you your reward in the lighthouse once he's ready to set sail again."
"Scared Sailor" Help request accepted.
"I was exploring that neat Underground Forest that opnened up and I saw a Turtwig!
They're incredibly rare, so much so that an appearance has never been documented in Zakos!
If you could catch it for me, it'd really help my research!
Reward(s): Six Gourmet Treats, 800 \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'm in the Pokemon Center in Logium Town B, talk to me once you catch it!"
"The Hunt" Help request accepted.
You have not completed the pre-requisites needed.
"My poor Cottonee got stolen!
I was relaxing on the beach when a nice looking gentleman challenged me to a battle.
He was ridiculously strong, and he took my Cottonee when he won.
Could you get my Cottonee back for me?"
Reward(s): 2000 \n Will you accept this mission?
"I'm crying myself to sleep in my house, if you manage to get my Cottonee back, meet me there."
"Pokemon Thief Strikes Again!" Help request accepted.
"Hey \PN. I know you do these Help Requests for some reason, so here.
I managed to track down the two priests that checked out the Aether Foundation Notes from the library.
We're in this together, so bring your a-game."
Reward(s): Three Super Potions, 500 \n Will you accept this mission?
"Meet me in front of the church in town, and be prepared."
"The False God 2" Help request accepted.
Yes
No
[Map60]
The text is too garbled to make out.
The High Architect paves the way to go amongst the lost.
Before the High Architect there were no created things.
Warren: You need to leave?
Warren: Not sure if this is the best time, but alright.
I'll just wait here.
Warren: Ok then, we got this.
The highest wisdom, and the primal love, abandon all despair you who enter here.
Warren: Alright \PN, we don't know what we'll find here so let's stick close.
You and I together? They won't know what hit 'em.
The High Architect paves the way to a City of Weeping.
Yes
No
[Map61]
Consider your origin. You were not formed to live like brutes but to follow virtue and knowledge.
Your knowledge exceeds mine.
Warren: I friggin' knew it.
No way in hell was this church abandoned.
Time to show off those battling skills \PN. Between you and I, they won't stand a chance.
Lost are we, and are only so far punished, That without hope we live on in desire.
I still hold hope.
How foolish are we to abandon hope so easily?
If the present world go astray, the cause is in you, in you it is to be sought.
...
We are far too quick to blame others. I will pray for my misgivings.
The more a thing is perfect, the more it feels pleasure and pain.
I take pride in imperfection.
You would do well to focus on your flaws.
How did you get in here?
I cannot halt you now.
Justice the founder of my fabric moved.
To rear me was the task of power divine.
Eternal, and eternal I shall endure.
Let our combined might compel you to leave!
Or compel you forward...
Maybe you will realize the High Architect's glory as you press forward.
O human race, born to fly upward, wherefore at a little wind dost thou so fall?
And I too, fall.
[Map62]
The outgoing Budew likes to be at the forefront.
While some may be friend others may be foe.
Friends stick together, but foes cannot.
When all are where they are fated to be,
The door will open for all to move on.
The two Shellos walk in each others shoes.
Lopunny dislikes the outgoing Budew.
While three water dwellers are all friends with Kingdra, they dislike each other.
Omanyte is shy, and hides in corners.
The wall opened up!
Warren: Oh yeah, it's definitely behind here.
Good work \PN. I'm headin' in.
Shinx is jealous of West Sea Shellos, and gazes from behind.
Shinx likes to gaze at the rising sun.
Move the nine statues into their correct positions.
Leaving the room will reset their positions.
Starly is frightened of Shinx, and stays a space away.
The grandfather Kingdra is friends with all.
With the door open, put west and east in their place, and hear the whisper of a melody in the wind.
Warren: Hey.
Something feels a little off about this room.
Let's split up and take a closer look around.
Omanyte and Budew are ancient enemies.
Chimecho and Lopunny are inseparable.
[Map63]
Warren: What is this?
Warren: I didn't really know what I expected to find, but a Pokemon sure a hell wasn't it.
Could this be the False God?
Let's grab the notes and get outta here.
Oh, I didn't forget about you either, buddy. You're gonna be coming with me.
I think I'm gonna name you... Mendax.
???: Urgh, I never want to eat there again.
???: Yeah, I'm gonna be on the toilet all night...
???: Shit, someone broke in!
Warren: Yeah, and I'm glad we did too.
What were you bastards doing to this poor Pokemon?
???: That's none of your business, how'd you even get in?
Warren: Well, I guess we'll just have to make it our business.
Let's do this \PN.
Hmph.
Oh god, oh god.
Warren: Time to fess up.
Percival: W-we don't know anything I swear!
Morgana: We were just told to follow the instructions on the notes they gave us, and to send them a copy.
Warren: Who's them?
Percival: The t-
T-
Morgana: That's our cue to get outta here. I'd stop meddling if I were you.
Warren: I guess that's that.
Something- or someone- was keeping them from talking.
And I'm gonna figure out who it was.
Warren: Thanks for your help, \PN.
I did promise a reward, that's how these Help Requests work, right?
Warren: If you ever need anything, and I'm in the area, just hit me up.
I definitely owe you after this.
Alright, peace dude.
[Map64]
*sniff* *sniff*
*sniff* Hm?
Ohmygosh did you manage to get my Cottonee back?
Thank you so much!
Tell you what, on top of my reward, I'll give you another Cottonee I have lying around!
[Map65]
The church in town has been abandoned for a long time...
I wonder why it hasn't been torn down yet.
Long ago, the Emera family requested that all Doctrine and Church members leave this island.
They said it was to protect the sanctity of the knowledge held in the Logium Library.
Naturally some refused at first, but eventually they all left, and Calypsan Island remains one of the only areas in Zakos free of religious influence.
[Map66]
A trainer, huh. Have you visited home since you left?
Why are you looking at me like that?
[Map67]
The Connecting Caves sure do have a lot of Pokemon in them, don't they?
Just a little spritz of that, and no Pokemon would dare bother you.
The Wingull are so free, flying in the sky and going where they want to go.
I wish I could just up and leave my problems behind too.
[Map68]
When I was younger, much much younger, I grew up with a Zubat as my best friend.
As much as we fought, and as much as we lost, I still had him.
But eventually, I lost him too.
[Map69]
When I was younger, my grandmother used to tell me stories about how Logium Town had split into three.
Apparently, the island used to be very dry and rocky, and plants couldn't grow here, but one day a strange light erupted from the middle of town.
The light subsided, and in its place was a great forest, and the once barren island was lush with life.
There's no way that happened, but it's fun to think about isn't it?
[Map70]
I wish I was a Solosis, because if I could read girls' minds, maybe they'd like me.
Sigh... you can have this.
It's not like anyone would want me to be attracted to them anyways...
I wish there was a how-to manual for getting a date.
[Map71]
I often wake up in the dead of night in a cold sweat.
But I can never remember what nightmare plagued me.
Or maybe it was a sweet dream, too good to be true.
Often, people think giving up means losing.
But sometimes, the real loss is dedicating too much of your life to a lost cause.
I know this pain well, and it truly humbles me.
I'm not too fond of Ghost-type Pokemon.
It frightens me, thinking that at one point, they may have been a person like you or me.
Or that one day, I might end up just like them.
[Map72]
She's busy playing.
When I'm having a bad time, I just strum a few chords, and everything starts lookin' up.
[Map73]
[Map74]
Ain't nowhere in town you can go where people ain't watchin'.
Enough to drive a man mad.
I can't think straight these days.
It feels like I'm losing my mind.
[Map75]
Life is meaningless.
Years ago, I accepted this fact and tried to sail away on a homemade boat, to sail away from my problems and live in the wild.
Like a Primeape.
Needless to say, when my mommy found me, my trip was cut short.
It seems as though I'll be living my days out here after all.
My little boy tried running away years ago, I don't know what came over him.
I hope it wasn't because I was a bad mother...
[Map76]
The last person to beat the Pantheon and collect all twelve keys was a young girl about your age.
It was a big deal, and everyone was wondering if she'd become our new queen.
She ended up losing to King Joseph himself though, and ended up becoming one of his keyholders afterwards.
What makes challenging the Pantheon so difficult isn't even that they're strong trainers, it's that they're scattered all over the region and many are unknown.
Minerva is the most famous because she inherited her position from her father, who took on many challengers while he held the position.
I even challenged him when I moved here, and naturally, I lost.
It's no wonder the king has managed to stay in power for fifty years, collecting all twelve keys seems to be nigh-impossible.
[Map77]
My ride broke down the other day from overuse.
Guess I should've taken my Mudsdale to the Pokemon center sooner.
Mudsdale looks sick.
[Map78]
You'd think ruling the kingdom would make you quicker to act on its behaf wouldn't you?
Yet the war between the Doctrine and the Church splits the region further and further every day...
[Map79]
???: Ah! You must be the one who accepted our help request.
I'm Captain Stella, I used to command the S.S. Precipice, but now I just manage this lighthouse.
Stella: As you know, one of our sailors is down on his luck, and we need to cheer him up somehow.
He's holed up in the bunks, and he's sure as hell not leaving. Your job is to get him out of there and raring to go.
But first, we have to know whether you're up to the task.
There are three sailors in the floors above, defeat them all without leaving the lighthouse, and we'll go ahead and let you up to bunks.
Good luck!
You wanna go up?
Aight, we headin' up.
See you 'round.
Sorry mate. Can't let you up.
???: Welcome to the Logium Lighthouse!
You've still got three to defeat!
You've still got two to defeat!
You've still got one to defeat!
Stella: Nicely done, nicely done.
I'll go ahead and let you up to the upper floors.
We're counting on you!
Stella: We're counting on you!
Stella: Nicely done!
I can't thank you enough for this \PN. Why don't you take these?
A thanks from us humble sailors here to you.
Stella: And here's something a lil' extra from me.
Stella: Thanks again, \PN!
Stella: Welcome to the Logium Lighthouse!
Yes
No
[Map80]
[Map81]
[Map82]
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
Let's dance!
Winding down...
Rose: ...\PN, right?
Miss Olga has told me to keep an eye on you, though if I'm being frank, I have no clue why.
Mayhaps... you could show me in battle?
It would give me the chance to calm myself after that... unfortunate outburst as well.
Rose: Very well, I shall not hold back.
...
Rose: You are strong \PN, that much is true.
But that can't be the only reason Miss Olga shows interest in you.
I don't suspect either of you will tell me what you're hiding, but that's fine.
I'll find out myself, soon enough.
Rose: If you should change your mind, we have quite a bit of time before we depart.
Rose: If you don't mind, I should like to think to myself.
Percy: Hey \PN. I got our tickets a couple days ago, so we just have to get registered for boarding.
Agrus: This line hasn't budged an inch since we got here, what's goin' on?
Percy: Looks like there's a commotion up at the front.
Rose: What do you mean I can't get on?
Clerk: I'm sorry ma'am, but all of our tickets have sold out.
Rose: That's what I've been telling you, I shouldn't need a ticket!
I have permission from Miss Olga, The Judge?
Clerk: If she's not here with you, then I'm afraid it's non-permissible.
Rose: Listen here, Miss Olga gave me an important, time sensitive, task and I <i>need</i> to be on this boat.
Don't tell me there's nothing you can do.
Clerk: I-I'm just doing my job ma'am...
If you could keep from making a scene...
Percy: So... should we step in?
Agrus: This is gettin' a lil messy, we should probably do somethin' about it.
Watch this, kids.
Agrus: Alright, scoot aside y'all!
\|.\|.\|.
Agrus: SCOOT ASIDE, Y'ALL!
Agrus: Thanks.
Agrus: So, what's goin' on here?
Clerk: Um-
Rose: And who-
Rose: Ah! You're Agrus, right?
Could you help this young man understand that I have clearance from Miss Olga to board ticketless?
Agrus: Well, I'm always willin' to help a pretty lady out.
Clerk: I'm really sorry sir, but I can't-
Agrus: Nah, you're good. Here's my trainer card, I have clearance so I'll vouch for her and myself.
Clerk: Hmm... ah!
The Hermit, it's an honor. You do indeed have clearance.
Agrus: Yeah... I s'ppose that's my title ain't it.
Bit unfortunate.
Clerk: Alright: you both are registered for boarding with VIP status.
Agrus: This work, darlin'?
Rose: Much appreciated, but my name is Rose.
Call me anything else, and Miss Olga <i>will</i> find out.
Agrus: Alright, alright, no need to get testy.
Clerk: Boarding is in twenty minutes, if you could go sit elsewhere, the others in line are looking impatient...
Clerk: I hate this job.
Percy: I'll admit, that was pretty cool.
I forgot that keyholders can use public transportation for free.
Agrus: Yeah, we get to travel to some places y'all can't too.
One of the perks of becoming the king's lapdog.
Percy: Who was that woman anyways?
\PN: ...
Percy: You know her?
Agrus: Olga's handmaiden huh...
Olga's one of the higher rankin' keyholders. Pretty famous too, bein' Archbishop of the Church and all.
I've only met her a couple times, she seems pretty nice, though I guess she has to be.
Percy: Well, let's sit tight and wait for boarding to start.
I'm actually quite excited, Auriga City's the largest in the region by far.
Agrus: It's a sight to behold for sure, you're never prepared for how big it is.
Percy: You know what, I'm glad we'll be traveling there together \PN.
Agrus: Calm down there with the schmaltzy shit, son.
Percy: ...Whatever.
Feel free to roam around, we'll just be waiting here \PN.
Yes
No
[Map83]
[Map84]
[Map85]
[Map86]
[Map87]
[Map88]
What do they feed kids these days...
Sloth is gonna kill us.
[Map89]
[Map90]
[Map91]
[Map92]
[Map93]
[Map94]
[Map95]
[Map96]
[Map97]
[Map98]
[Map99]
[Map100]
[Map101]
[Map102]
[Map103]
[Map104]
[Map105]
[Map106]
[Map107]
???: Oh hey.
Name's Mercury.
I bet the cap sent you up here to cheer me up huh.
Well, it won't work, but I guess I'll entertain a battle.
Mercury: I guess I'm useless after all...
Mercury: Huh, I... won?
What was I feelin' so sad about? Looks like I still got it!
There's no time to waste, I gotta set sail!
You wanna go down?
Aight, we headin' down.
See you 'round.
Yes
No
[Map108]
There seems to be an abandoned egg here...
Take it?
\PN got the egg!
You left the egg alone.
Yes
No
[Map109]
These rocks can be scaled... They go a long way down!
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
The giant crystal is swaying back and forth...
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
Activate the panel?
Panel Activated.
You left it alone.
There's a force of energy in the middle of this crystal!
Disturb this energy?
???: Lapurahh!
The crystal is devoid of energy...
LUNATONE: Luuuunnaaaaa.....
Will you give Lunatone a Gourmet Treat?
...
Lunatone is ready for a spar!
Do you want to spar with Lunatone?
Lunatone charged towards you!
Lunatone looks disappointed.
It's too weak to notice you.
LITWICK: Liliwi?
*Litwick is sending you messages to your brain*
LITWICK: Oh...? Did you defeat that thing back there?
That was actually my own mom...
I was born without my mother's trainer knowing, so I'm basically alone here forever.
Are you a trainer?
Do you mind if you take me with you?
LITWICK: T-Thank you! I won't let you down!
LITWICK: Oh... I see... I understand.
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
KETA: This is the spot, correct?
Then let us see...
KETA: There's no response at all.
Fate favors the fool...\| Incredible...
It does seem that Melia truly is gone...
KETA: \PN... I must admit, I'm taken aback by all of this.
You've passed my test.
I've given you a chance, and you've taken it.
I have a request for you too, \PN.
You've come all the way to Sheridan to battle me, is that right?
Please, I wish to challenge you too.
Meet me at my arena in Sheridan.
I'll be a little late. I have something I have to do first.
Head back to Sheridan, or remain in Amethyst Cave?
REN: Who are you? Where is Melia?!
You're a Xen Admin, aren't you?
VENAM: And just what is that blob of energy?
Are you gonna talk or just stand there all day?!
ZETTA: ...
If only you hadn't interfered at Goldenwood Forest...
All of this could've been avoided.
REN: Avoided? What are you talking about?
ZETTA: We were all too late. Melia...\|\c[6] Melia is dead.
VENAM: ...What?! That's not possible! You're lying!
This is just a trick to get us to give up and leave!
ZETTA: While I was on my way down here, I heard a massive crash.
When I got to the scene, all I saw was a broken bridge and a Galvantula gnawing on this.
REN: Do you really think we're going to believe this obvious red herring?!
I'm not going to ask again. Where is our friend?!
VENAM: Ren...\| stop.
REN: What?
VENAM: This is Melia's handbag. Professor Jenner got it for Melia for her birthday last year.
It was custom embroidered with Hapi on the side of it...\| There's just no mistaking it.
REN: No...
VENAM: It's all your fault! It's Team Xen's fault that Melia is gone!
ZETTA: It's over... She was our main target. This is a massive failure on my part...
When I go back to HQ, I know damn well that this'll be the end.
But I'm not going down alone. I'll take you guys with me!
VENAM: Bring it on! Show us what you got!
ZETTA: Heh, I'm not going to be your opponent. That would be pointless.
You asked before what this blob of energy was. \PN knows what it is.
It's another Dimensional Rift. Specifically of that Galvantula I mentioned earlier.
If it wants something to gnaw on, then let it be you three!
Come to the grave with me!
VENAM: Wh-What!?
VENAM: We did it... We're back!
REN: Zetta!
VENAM: We're too late... He's escaped.
???: I wouldn't jump to conclusions so suddenly. \PN please step aside.
VENAM: ???
???: You three made it out of the Rift... far faster than I anticipated.
VENAM: Great... Who is this now?
???: I hide in the shadows, and strike when need be.
Those who are unfortunate to make contact with me know me as "Crescent".
REN: Wait a minute... That voice... that Gothitelle...
You're that voice \PN and I heard back in Jenner's lab!
CRESCENT: That was me, yes. Seeing you three here is very disappointing.
It's irritating when ignorant people refuse to follow advice.
Especially when that advice was said to protect a certain individual.
ZETTA: Argh... Today just isn't my day... I have to deal with idiots from all corners...
CRESCENT: Zetta, you repulsive animal. Don't you ever have something of value to say?
CRESCENT: Good, stay quiet. Animals that cannot behave cannot be allowed to stay out in public.
I'm going to put you in a nice place where you can cause no more harm.
Gothitelle, if you would.
GOTHITELLE: Gothi!
ZETTA: W-Wait, stop! What are you-
VENAM: What did you do to him!?
CRESCENT: That's inconsequential. He'll be dealt with later.
That being said, I told you two that this path would lead to nothing but despair.
Yet, you ignored these claims and continued on this pointless endeavor.
REN: We didn't ignore them. We knew very well what you said back then!
But we chose to do something about it!
CRESCENT: And what exactly did that bring?
REN: ...
CRESCENT: Exactly. You've endangered yourself for a girl that was killed far before you even had a chance.
VENAM: ...
CRESCENT: You three were way in over your heads. You've set yourselves up for failure.
\PN...\| No, all three of you. Go back to East Gearen City and stay there.
Involving yourselves in the affairs of things that do not pertain to you will result in nothing less than tragedy.
These past few events have been proof of that.
This is the price of being weak.\| \n Remember that.
REN: Let's...\| Let's go back home.
\PN, Venam, and Ren returned to East Gearen City as requested by Crescent.
MELIA: N-No...
MELIA: Dead-end. The bridge is broken...
C'mon, Melia. Think! There's gotta be some way to get out of this!
I could try Metronome again, but there's no way I'm getting that lucky again...
GRUNT: Zetta, she went down this way!
MELIA: Oh God...
???: Fear not, for help is always around the corner.
MELIA: H-Huh? Who said that? Show yourself!
MELIA: Who's there?! Show yourself!
MELIA: D-Don't hurt me!
???: Hurt you? We're trying to help you.
I am Tiempa, and this is Spacea.
SPACEA: It is a pleasure to meet you.
MELIA: You're here to help me? I'm supposed to believe that?
If you want to help me, then help me fight Zetta and Team Xen!
They're about to be here any minute!
TIEMPA: You must have noticed? Time has completely stopped.
MELIA: ...How is that possible?
MELIA: If you can do all of that, then you can take me back to East Gearen, right?
They're in trouble too... I can't let them fend for themselves.
SPACEA: I'm sorry dear, but that just won't be possible.
TIEMPA: You have a destiny that we must see through.
MELIA: ...I have a destiny?
TIEMPA: That is correct.
SPACEA: We want you to come with us.
TIEMPA: We will provide a space for you to train and become stronger as a person.
If you want to continue to live in peace and away from Team Xen, this is the only way.
SPACEA: That is what you want, yes?
MELIA: I mean, that all sounds nice, but how can I trust you?
If I go with you two, then what will happen to my friends?
There's too much uncertainty here...
MELIA: ...That is absolutely what I want, but how can I trust you two?
You weren't lying about freezing time. Zetta would've been here already.
I don't know...
SPACEA: Allow me to lay out your options then.
You can come with us and train to fight against evildoers that wish to harm you.
Or you can wish to stay here and defend yourself against Team Xen in your current state.
Which option seems to have the better odds of survival?
This choice is yours to make.
MELIA: ...
The way you said that makes it feel like I don't have a choice at all...
There's no way I can beat Zetta right now. My Pokemon are exhausted.
MELIA: F-Fine, I'll go with you two. That's my best option as of now.
TIEMPA: Excellent.
???: This has to be done the right way.
SPACEA: Crescent... You followed us through the door?
CRESCENT: Of course, how else would I be here?
Regardless, if we want to really sell this, I have an idea.
TIEMPA: Which is?
CRESCENT: I don't believe this idea will give us any results long term, but it'll save time in the short.
We should fake Melia's death right here and now.
If Melia just disappears, then they'll just assume she escaped somehow.
And then they'd scour the entire region looking for her.
How much devastation would that bring?
SPACEA: That--
CRESCENT: Melia, give me your handbag.
MELIA: My bag...? Um, okay.
CRESCENT: Very good.
MELIA: Hey, what are you doing?!
CRESCENT: I've poured blood over this bag. It's to fulfill the illusion.
Now, for our sacrificial lamb...
CRESCENT: When time resumes, this is what Zetta will see.
In addition to that, we can use the environment in our favor.
CRESCENT: This bridge has been broken for some time, but Zetta doesn't know that.
TIEMPA: Is this necessary?
CRESCENT: I was hoping you'd be able to answer that on your own.
Considering what you're able to do, but alas.
Now, Melia. Come with us.
I hope I'm making the right choice here...
\PN, Venam, Ren...
Please be okay. I'm thinking of you all...
CRESCENT: You know what, Melia? I have a feeling we're going to be close.
Very, very close.
Yes
No
Go to Sheridan.
Stay here.
I'm not sure...
Absolutely.
[Map110]
HAUNTER?: Hey, hey, hello! Hah, why don't you go back to bed?
GRUNT: No more playing around now...
Heehee-HooHoo! We were just illusions all along!
GRUNT: A lose for me is a win for the team!
It sounds like something is going on upstairs!
\PN retreated upstairs!
Locked.
Some guy poured water all over me when I went to the riverside...
I didn't want to cry, but I couldn't help myself...
Why won't they just leave US alone?
REN: Hey, \PN. Sorry about earlier. I just got a little heated.
Narcissa just... Yeah.
Wh-What's going on?!\nWhy are these Pokemon attacking us?!
\ts[2]WAAAAAHHH!!!!!
AELITA: Oh no...
This place is infested with Ghost Pokemon now!
M-Man, I don't do well with Ghosts. They're my counter!
Agh... But we can't let them run amok. Let's do our best to ward them away!
I haven't experienced much with this town, but I do know that they're not so keen on tourists.
Such a shame.
Perhaps it would be smart if I packed up my things and returned home.
I heard the townsfolk finally realized their bad ways.
I guess I'll stay here for a little while longer.
\sh\c[7]I'M AFRAID OF GHOSTS!
TRAINER: You know what I think? We should report this town to the authorities.
TRAINER2: I don't get what that'd really do. They'd just get run out!
GIRL: Maybe we should leave while we still can...
YOUNGSTER: Um... I came for a badge, and I ain't leavin' until I got it.
TRAINER: Perhaps we should take matters into our own hands.
These people need to seriously chill out.
Perhaps things will finally be better now that they're turning their ways around.
JOY: K-Keep calm everyone! I'll heal your Pokemon if needed!
JOY: O-Okay, I'll do that then!
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Th-Thank you for waiting!! P-Please save us!
JOY: PLEASE SAVE US!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
Everyone in this town is super mean!
They beat up my poor and precious Pokemon!
That was way too scary...
AELITA: ...Dude, why is this Gastly talking to me??
Is my fear of Ghost-types giving me hallucinations?!
AELITA: Everything's ready to go, \PN! People are flocking to the Goldenleaf Theatre!
It's time for your big debut, \PN! Just like we rehearsed.
Come down whenever you're ready!
GENGAR?: Don't you wanna sleep forever? Let's sleep all day and night!
GRUNT: Time to go to bed!
Wha?
GRUNT: G-Gotta scram!
Maybe I should just head out for now...
Right, once I get my badge, I'm out of here.
The people in this town are crazy.
What's next, huh? They gonna attack us in our sleep?
This Pokemon Center has grown on me. I think I'll stay for a little bit longer.
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Goldenleaf Town Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
AELITA: Hey, \PN. Ready to turn in for the day?
AELITA: Yeah, I'm beat. We had a long and exhausting day today.
Let's turn in.
AELITA: Psst... Hey, \PN? Are you awake?
AELITA: I was just thinking... You know, on ways to help Narcissa?
Taking her talent into account, what's the best way to convey how she feels?
She's an actress. I think the best way to have a heart to heart with her people is through her art.
If we collaborate with Narcissa on an impromptu play or somethin', maybe...
Maybe we can reach a peaceful resolution. I dunno.
Sorry for keeping you up with that rambling. I guess we should sleep.
Goodnight, \PN.
AELITA: Sorry! Sorry. Just wanted to let you in on an idea I had.
I was just thinking... You know, on ways to help Narcissa?
AELITA: Guess you're still sleepin'. No worries. I'll tell you tomorrow.
???: \ts[1]WAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!
\ts[1]G-G-G-G-GHOST!!
AELITA: What the heck was that??
You heard that too, right?\|
AELITA: Sounded like it came from the hallway.
We should make sure things are okay! C'mon!
AELITA: Yeah, I think so too. We should hurry up and see what's going on!
AELITA: Still got things to do, huh? Me too.
Well, whenever you're ready you know where to find this place.
HAWLUCHA: Lucha!
GEARA: Welcome \PN.\nGood to see you again.
AELITA: You know \PN...?
Wait, are you the one who sent those Ghosts running around here?!
GEARA: Yeah, that was me, but they weren't Ghost-types at all.
That was just a little trick some of the Xen Grunts wanted to pull off.
I let them go ahead and do what they want as long as it had results.
But seeing as you two are in here bothering me... I understand that was a mistake.
AELITA: So you're part of Team Xen then? Why am I not surprised?
GEARA: A certain girl from this town would be surprised.
What was her name again? Oh, right. Sariah.
AELITA: What did you do to her?!
GEARA: Would I ever do something bad? Like manipulate her into thinking \PN was going to perform some act of terror?
Abuse her town's trauma into reacting rashly towards a complete stranger?
I would never...
AELITA: Alright, \PN. I'm gonna knock this kid into the next dimension with one kick!
GEARA: Sorry, I didn't come here to fight. In fact, I need you three to stay out of my way.
There's something in Wispy Tower that I came for and I just know you'll be a pain in my side.
AELITA: ...Three?
NARCISSA: \PN, Aelita? What is the meaning of all this ruckus?
NARCISSA: It cannot be..
NARCISSA: You...
GEARA: Need to shut up and take a nap.
GEARA: Huh...?
You were able to sense that Sucker Punch? Gotta say, \PN. I'm impressed.
But I'm equally annoyed that you just don't know how to stay still.
SARIAH: Narcissa, I told you it's not safe in there!
GEARA: Maybe this worked out for the best!
I'd love to stick around, but it looks like you've got company!\| See ya!
Haunter, Phantom Force!
HAUNTER: Hauntaha!
\sh\c[7]SARIAH: N-Narcissa?!
Oh, and the other girl I don't care about.
\sh\c[7]B-But Narcissa!
You fiend! That cute boy was right all along!
You came here to cause trouble! I won't let you get away with that!
You're coming with me!
<ac>\ts[1]One hour later...</ac>
NARCISSA: Urgh...
GASTLY ?: Can you stop being such a pain?
This place is so awful... I want to go home now!
If you're wondering why there are so many of us here, it's because we're too scared to go outside.
How worrying... What will we do with ourselves?
Now that everyone's finally being nicer, I think we can all learn to live with each other.
GASTLY: RUN RUN RUN RUN!
GRUNT: But what if you have nowhere else to run?
NO? THEN HIDE!
GRUNT: I'll go hide instead...
REN: Oh, hey Aelita. Hey \PN.
Sorry about earlier. I got really heated and it was a bit uncomfortable.
AELITA: It's fine! A little bit of discomfort never hurt me before.
What about you, \PN?
REN: Hahaha, I'm glad it was something you guys could handle.
REN: Yeah, sorry about that. Kind of a personal topic.
AELITA: ...
REN: ...
AELITA: You keep being you, \PN.
REN: Yeah.
AELITA: Anyway, Ren... I've been meaning to talk to you about something.
REN: Hm? What's up?
AELITA: I know you're dead set on challenging Narcissa tomorrow, but I think you should give her more time.
REN: She's had over a decade's worth of time. I'm done waiting.
AELITA: I know, but she's actually trying her best right now.
She's reached out to all of us. We can work togeth-
Sorry, but I'm pretty set on this. Narcissa's been in power for far too long.
AELITA: ...All we're asking for is a chance.
Let's work together toward a better future for this place!
REN: ...\| You won't leave me alone about this, will you?
AELITA: Not until I get my feelings across!
REN: Sigh... Alright, fine.
AELITA: Heck yeah! Score! You're not going to regret this, Ren!
So I was thinking-
SARIAH: Alright, alright. Listen up, outsiders. It's time for you all to pack your things.
We, Goldenleaf, have decided that we've had it with you all being here.
AELITA: Hey, what's the big deal?! This is a Pokemon Center!
SARIAH: Oh wow, I didn't know that. Thank you Eggplant Head.
AELITA: Lemme just have one good punch. Trust me, it'll do her good!
REN: Sariah, what the hell are you doing?
SARIAH: O-Oh... Ren, it's you! I didn't know you were back in town...
REN: Just got here recently. I see you haven't changed at all.
Why are you attacking people inside of a Pokemon Center now?
Are you really that desperate for attention?
SARIAH: Only if that attention comes from you Ren, deary.\| Now step aside.
REN: No way. You want to cause trouble? You're going to have to go through me.
AELITA: Gotta go through me too! You jerks are getting on my nerves!
SARIAH: F-Fine! If that's how it's gonna be, we'll take down all of you!
SARIAH: You again?! Fine, I refuse to lose this time!
Ugh... I lost again. I'm failing the people of Goldenleaf...
SARIAH: Grgh... Why can't you all just leave us alone?!
We don't want you, and you don't want us. So let's just keep it separate!
AELITA: But why? What do you get from separating yourselves from the outside world?
REN: Absolutely nothing. Being hostile to people will get you nowhere as well.
So grow up, or I'll make you.
SARIAH: You'll make me? That's laughable, even for deary ol' Ren.
We'll leave for now, but this isn't the end.
(SARIAH: ...Just wait until tonight, you losers.)
REN: Well, way to prove my point. Things are getting worse by the day.
It's only a matter of time until someone gets really hurt.
REN: If Narcissa doesn't do something in the next 42 hours, I'm continuing with my plan.
I'm heading back to Route 3. I need some last minute training.
AELITA: I understand...
AELITA: Ren's right... Things are getting way too violent way too fast.
But what can we do? Hm...
I'm gonna head up to our room upstairs. There's gotta be something we can do.
Just gotta think it over!
It's not worth it. I should just go.
I was on my way to Akuwa Town, but I've been stuck in this town for days.
Looks like we don't have much to worry about anymore.
Yes
No
Yes.
Not yet.
What's up?
Barely...
(Pretend to sleep)
Yeah...
The hallway...?
It was nothing..
Kinda uncomfortable.
Uhh what's happening?
[Map111]
Books say that this place used to be a temple for the Pokemon Registeel.
When Thomas Blakeory built Axis High, he had no idea it was over this ancient ruin!
But he converted it into a gym for his granddaughter, Saki!
You know this place used to be a factory, right? Wonder what they made here.
Well, that's too bad. This place is cool anyway.
There's rumors that the depth of this place has never been discovered.
Wonder what would hide all the way down there?
SAKITRON: BETA SAKITRON ACTIVATED!
I WILL NOW SELF DESTRUCT.
SAKITRON: WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!
Hey, have you noticed that those statues look really weird?
Turns out that you can change their direction by simply rotating them.
There isn't a hint anywhere, so maybe you should try a couple different combinations?
Ah so that made a chest appear! Super cool!
This giant door is locked. It requires a Master Key to unlock!
Reset the statue position?
Turn the statue which direction?
I've never seen the type of Litwick that appear here!
Is this what they call a regional form?
Here's a tip! Aevian Lampent evolves with a Thunder Stone!
I'M GOING TO CAUSE HAVOC!
Hey, you look strong. Let's have a battle!
Ouch... Shockingly powerful...
Wew, you're good! So's Saki though, don't get cocky!
The grass grows grumpily while willow whispers whimsically.
Why would whomever won weep? Wait, that doesn't make sense in this context...
Can you make it through the rest of this dungeon?
Probably.
There's something obstructing the hall...
You feel a dark intent down below...
Jump down?
???: I am the Klinklang King.
KLINKLANG KING: I have been resting in this domain for centuries...
Waiting for the day a hero would appear to challenge me...
CHALLENGER: \PN.
If you wish to see the end of this dungeon... You must defeat me in battle...
EN GARDE-
???: Get out of the way.
???:\ts[1] I've finally found you.
GEARA: Aren't you happy to see me again?
GEARA: You remember my name? I should be so humbled...
GEARA: You don't seem too surprised to see me here...
And here I was, planning the ultimate surprise comeback.
You just love making things boring, don't you?!
GEARA: So, you've been running around doing a lot of things I don't care about, yes?
And through all of that, you've gotten a lot stronger.
It's been a little over a month now since I've been reconstructed.
And during that time I've been playing catch up.
All so that when I faced you here, I would be prepared.
Say, \PN, wanna see a new trick I learned?
GEARA: Too bad. Check this out.
GEARA: That's right, feast your eyes to this!
GEARA: Screw you for answering a question with a question.
I'm not UP to anything.
That being said...
Gengar, do it!
GENGAR: Gyhahah!
GEARA: This is a little thing Nastasia taught me to do.
Gotta say, when she's not wasting her life behind a screen, she can be pretty useful.
...
...That ain't right to say. She did save me, after all.
Nevermind all that. I challenge you to a rematch! Right here, right now.
Zetta's not here, but I don't need him. Let's go.
I can't beat you?! Even now?!
GEARA: Damn you, \PN... You think you're strong?!
\sh\c[7]I'm not finished yet!
GEARA: ...Is what I would normally say.
Goddamnit, why is this happening to me?!
Ever since I've been pieced back together, I've been feeling strange...
That anger, that hatred, that <i>rage</i> that was inside me...\| I don't feel it anymore.
I lost that battle because I had absolutely no motivation to beat you.
Can you believe that?
Me?
Having no motivation to beat you?!
GEARA: I hunted you down because I thought battling you would reignite that fire.
If I'd <i>just</i>see that wretched, annoying face again... It would all come rushing back.
But there's nothing!
\sh\c[7]I FEEL NOTHING!
GEARA: And yet, I feel everything at once too.
This conflict inside myself... It's pissing me off.
I've never been like this. So why now?!
I'm done here.
I got the answer I was looking for. Even if it wasn't the one I wanted.
What? Why are you looking at me like that?
Tch, anyway...
Go do your meaningless Gym battle with Sock Blakewho or whatever.
Next time, I <i>will</i> crush you to a pulp, and that's a promise.
The door's locked... It needs a key to open up.
'Scuse me, I heard that there was a really cool treasure deep within this place!
But I also heard that treasure is locked behind a door that won't open!
You suck.
Guess I'll just hang around in here for the rest of my days.
SAKI: Hey, nice job on making it here, but what the heck?
You're not supposed to be on this side!
SAKI: Aw hell naw. Shadow Pokemon are not allowed here!
You know that!
SAKI: Welp, I already won against you once. That means I'm the protagonist!
VENAM: Fat chance. Try again.
SAKI: Alright, whatever. Put up your sporks!
SAKI: So? How was your time in the Axis Temple?
This is a temple that grandma trained in when she was younger...
That's why it's called Axis High, by the way. Because it was built on Axis Temple.
But that's not important! Our battle is, right?
Okay, let's get started! I've been waiting for this one!
???: Wait.
SAKI: V-Venam?! Amber? What are you guys doing here?
VENAM: Decided to head down here since I'm on standby at the moment.
Of course I would run into Ambot. We got into our usual spheal.
It's been a while, Saki.
SAKI: It sure has been!
Aren't we supposed to get into a fight to the death every time we see each other?
AMBER: We can skip that for now. It's your time to shine.
Both of you, do your best out there!
VENAM: \PN is extremely strong, Saki. Think ya got what it takes?
SAKI: Ummm, hello? I can blast \PN away without even looking at them!
And I'll show you!
SAKI: The name's Saki Blakeory and I'm the Steel- type Gym Leader!
And I like to use the Glitch Field here. \|You know why that is?
VENAM: No, why?
SAKI: It's because we share a key similarity...
AMBER: Which is?
SAKI: The common similarity glitches and I share is...
We're both accidents that weren't planned for!
VENAM: ...
AGHHH!! I LOST?! DAMNIT ALL TO HELL. Sorry, heck. Wait, what was going on again? Oh yeah. I lost. DAMNIT. If I don't stop talking this battle won't end-- AMBER STOP--
AMBER: Saki, damn girl... You need to calm down.
The battle's over. \PN won.
SAKI: ONE MORE TIME, I'LL BITE THEIR HEAD OFF!!!111!!!!
VENAM: Sigh... Same 'ol Saki. You LOSSSTT.
SAKI: Hahahah, yeaaaahhhhhhh.
SAKI: \PN, come over here for a sec!
By the way, if you fall in the pit... I dunno where it goes, so don't.
\PN got the Forgery Badge!
SAKI: Like it? I named it the Forgery badge because it's like a forge... But also forgery...
It's the real deal, don't worry...
SAKI: So I guess that's it then...
AMBER: You win some, you lose some.
SAKI: ...You guys are going to fight again soon, aren't you?
VENAM: Huh?
SAKI: I mean, I'm gonna go to sleep for 9 months. You know that right?
VENAM: ...Amber may have mentioned something like that on the way.
SAKI: 9 months is a long freakin' time! You know?
Everything that has happened so far has basically been that long!
I won't be here to fight with you guys, and I guess... I guess I'm just scared.
Especially with the Xenpurgis stuff \PN, Amber and I saw in the School of Nightmares.
If something happens to you guys... I'm powerless, you know?
AMBER: Saki...
It's gonna be okay. I promise.
VENAM: It's true that we're going to be fighting Team Xen more and more in the future.
But a lot of us have trained for that. We'll fend for ourselves.
You'll go to sleep, and in 9 months we'll be waiting for you.
Who knows? Maybe we'll have defeated Team Xen by then!
We'll get you outta there and we can be mean to each other like before.
SAKI: Haha, yeah...
But, uhm, would it be okay if we didn't be mean to each other?
VENAM: Hm...\| I GUESS that is acceptable. Is it cool with you, Amber?
AMBER: What were we even mad about? Hmm... Don't remember it...
VENAM: Something about a stolen cup?
VENAM: I missed this... Us just joking around.
It reminds me of when we were really young.
AMBER: Not a care in our stupid little heads.
When this ordeal with Team Xen is over, we should all have a sleep over like before.
And by all, I mean all four of us. \PN, you're coming too!
SAKI: You guys... I'm gonna miss you.
Group hug!
That means you too \PN!
<ac>\PN shared a long, and comforting group hug with everyone!</ac>
AMBER: Well, that was nice.
Just because we're friends now doesn't mean I won't bully you!
SAKI: Go ahead, try it. I'll eat you up and spit you out like an orluga!!!
VENAM: What the hell is an orluga??
AMBER: We still got some time to kill. You guys wanna hang?
VENAM: I need to hit up the Shopping District.
Sashila's been low on some supplies. I bet they'd appreciate a nice restock.
SAKI: You guys go ahead, I made one last appointment.
VENAM: Mmk, we'll meet you down in the lab later then.
AMBER: \PN, come join us!
VENAM: Yeah, it'll be a bunch of kick-ass nonsensical fun.
<ac>You enjoyed some leisure time with Amber and Venam!</ac>
<ac>Amber friendship +4! Venam Friendship +4!</ac>
I was sealed here long ago due to my power.
But now that Hazuki and Mr. Blakeory are gone, I can finally escape...
Obviously I was bluffing, calm down.
You need to calm down there. I was talking about my OC.
Not only am I a ghost girl, but I write in my spare time too.
Look at you getting this far... Not many people do, you know?
Wow...
Dang, Saki's gonna need to really bring it in this battle.
VENAM: I'm dying to see Saki plays this one.
She's strong, so don't hold back, \PN.
AMBER: Saki could usually beat all of us in battles, but that was a long time ago.
I wonder how she'd do against me now?
Anyway, I'll be watching, so don't screw this up, \PN!
I stumbled in here by mistake and then Saki left the Gym.
Because of that I've been stuck down here for months!
Oh.
Wait, if you're in here, that means that I can leave...
But I am bound here by my programming, so I don't really have much of a say.
I bet you came over here to step on that switch, right?
Well, I won't let you!
Dang. I tried.
I was tasked with guarding that switch, but now it's over...
Contact Jan?
JAN: ...
Oh, hey \PN!
Looks like you finally made yourself to a panel, huh?
As I've mentioned before, you can use this panel here to contact me when you need help.
So please, don't hesitate to give me a call!
JAN: Huh? Speak of the devil-- I was just wondering when you'd pop in \PN!
I've heard about all that happened in Axis High, insane stuff all things considered. I'm glad most of you made it out.
That all said, you're in Axis Factory now, right? That's where Saki's Gym is now anyways. Figured you'd go after her next since you were in the area.
I'm sure at this point you should be giving me suggestions about this stuff, but I'll try my best!
JAN: Saki tends to favour two specific Pokemon in battle, those being her Metagross and Duraludon.
She's a pretty big fan of Kaiju and Mecha-based media series and it reflects pretty hard in the type of Pokemon she prefers.
They're all about taking hits and striking back double, and her signature move works like a well-oiled machine in tandem with those types.
Super U.M.D Move, or Ultra Mega Death, has the nasty effect of dropping a pair of offensive or defensive stats, switching around every time its used.
Trying to stand for too many rounds in her arena is an errand in futility as a result.
JAN: Uhhh, good question, give me a moment.
Saki used to fight on a series of fields back when her Gym was in West Gearen, including the Factory, Murkwater, Glitch and Shortcircuit Fields.
I don't quite remember if that's still the case, but given that her family had a hand in developing the first Field Simulators, I'd suggest being prepared for anything.
That said, she did have a preference for fighting on the Glitch Field, so I can give you some tips based on that.
Its effects primarily fundamentally change aspects of the Pokemon on the field, between fusing Special Attack and Special Defense and making the damage-type based on the type of the move.
Keep an eye on those two key factors and the rest should come naturally to you.
JAN: The traditional school of thought among Steel- type experts is that Defense is everything.
Unlike what you'd expect, Saki follows this, almost a bit too literally! The age old saying of "The Best Offense is a Perfect Defense." is the name of the game with her.
Between her favoured Glitch Field changing the stats of everything on the field and the strange effects reported in some rooms of Axis Temple, her Steel-type Pokemon are able to turn their traditionally high defense into an almost unstoppable weapon.
With that strategy however, comes all the usual failings, one in particular standing out among the rest; her lack of speed.
Almost all of her Pokemon are slow so she'll always be playing on the defensive, taking two for every hit she throws off.
Keep on the offensive long enough, and even her defenses won't be able to hold up. After that just go for gold!
JAN: Good luck out there, \PN. You got this.
The kiosk is offline.
Yes
No
North
South
East
West
Geara?!
Oh, it's you.
I'd rather not...
New trick??
What are you up to?!
Saki's Ace | Sig Move
Field?
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map112]
It's a note.
Name: Altair, Celesia
Gender: Female.
Age: 7
Birthday: ...
Status: .e.ea.e.d...
A letter from an unknown man.
After the idiot we hired sold the Clefairy Doll with our Rotom fused inside, we have finally found its location.
We tracked its life energy to a lone mansion in the forest.
We interrogated the residents about it, but they refused to tell us where Rotom was.
We forcefully barged inside of their house and located the Rotom-infused doll that was sold.
Unfortunately, the girl who owned the doll would not hand over the doll and ran towards the back of the mansion.
I managed to catch her outside near an old well. I tried to grab the doll, but she would not give up.
I... may have been too rough on her...
I accidentally shoved her backwards and into the old well.
As her screams pierced my ears, regret and despair filled my heart.
All of that would end when her screams ended with a "thwomp". The sound of her body hitting water.
...And then reawakened with the shrieks of electricity spewing out of the doll.
If the fall did not kill her, the Rotom-infused doll definitely had.
I do not regret anything more than this. The greed in my heart had overcome me.
In the jail cell where I write this, I must do say to the Altair family...
That I do apologize deeply for the grave mistake I have committed.
For I cannot forgive myself. "
NARCISSA: There, one of Dufaux's familiars!
ROTOM: Raoo!
NARCISSA: Don't let it escape!
It's a mechanical Clefairy doll.
...The doll... has disappeared?
"DAY XO, Month X...
???: Oh, it's quite a pleasant experience to have Light around.
We play around the house all day without my parents knowing what is really happening.
I think my sister is also oblivious to Light's presence as well.
Oh I do love my sister, but I'm afraid telling her about Light will cause far too much trouble.
I hope she doesn't hate me for it.
Maybe I'll introduce her to Light someday.
Maybe I'll introduce her to Light someday. "
"Day X, Month O...
???: Life here in Altair Manor is a pleasant one.
I live here with my mother, father, grandmother, grandfather, and twin sister.
We're all here to represent the Altair name. All of us.
Because of this, my sister and I are not allowed to become Pokemon trainers like the other children.
Pokemon are strictly forbidden from entering this house.
These are mother's rules, but I know she means well.
She thinks Pokemon are distractions. I can see why, I suppose.
Just once I would like to pet the head of a Pikachu, or a Growlithe!
Perhaps lay my head on top of a Snorlax's belly?
One day. "
This gate is locked.
???: ...
\PN turned the key and opened the gate.
It's a locked gate.
"Day ???, Month ???...
???: Some horrible people have shown up at the manor today.
They claimed that their subject has run off and that they suspected that we were hiding it.
My parents, of course, denied such accusations.
But that didn't mean much to them. They shoved my parents aside and entered the manor without hesitation.
Light seemed to be extremely scared of them.
It's decided.
I shall take Light and hide behind the manor. A place where only my family can enter.
They'll never find us there."
???: The most magnificent thing has happened today.
My grandmother went into town today and bought me a lovely mechanical doll.
My grandmother thought being connected to Pokemon in some way was important.
I do adore this doll with all my heart, but it has been acting sort of strange.
Sometimes I feel like it talks to me too specifically. Something a doll usually can't do.
It even called out my name..."
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
The TV is no longer functional.
[Map113]
"Day ???, Month ???...
???: Something amazing has happened.
A Pokemon emerged from my Clefairy doll!
The way it zips and zaps around the room is absolutely marvelous.
Its very body emits a vibrant light that reaches all four corners of the room.
In spirit of that, I shall call this Pokemon, Light.
Light and I are going to be friends forever!"
NARCY: It disappeared again...
It ran back here like it was leading us.
NARCISSA: ...It's that safe again. Narcy, do you recognize it?
NARCY: Y-Yes, it's the same safe I saw earlier in the past.
NARCY: Wait, no, this is different... This safe has a keypad on it.
NARCISSA: So, it requires a password. I don't know what it could be.
NARCY: Doesn't look like we need to know. It's already open.
NARCISSA: I-It's open?
NARCY: Yes...
I'll take a look inside of it.
NARCISSA: Well?
NARCY: There's three things inside here, it seems.
What looks to be a Froslass doll, an old photograph and a vial of--
NARCISSA: A vial of what?
NARCY: Zalavin-352.
NARCISSA: That's the name of the serum we remember taking!
NARCY: According to the labeling, this is dose number 3.
NARCISSA: ...
And what of the old photograph?
NARCY: Let's look together.
NARCY: Th-This picture! I'm-- We're in it, Narcissa!
NARCISSA: That's impossible... It couldn't be!
B-But wait, why are there two of us?!
NARCY: There's some writing on the back of the photograph.
It says "The Altair Family". Loria Altair, Henry Altair, Celesia Altair and...
\c[6]\ts[1]Narcissa... Altair...?!
NARCISSA: N-Narcissa... Altair?! Wh-What... What is going on here?!
Give me that photograph!
NARCISSA: This photo suggests that these people... This mansion...
It belonged to me and my family?!
That's why I can't remember them... I took the doses of Zalavin-352.
NARCY: And the reason why we can recall these memories via triggers is because we never took the third dosage.
It was here in this safe all this time. But why didn't we take it?
NARCISSA: That Froslass doll... I vaguely remember it now.
It belonged to us, but we kept it in secret. Our parents forbade us from being close with Pokemon.
But our Grandmother... She disagreed with that way of life.
As a way of rebelling against our mother, her daughter, she bought both of us dolls.
She gave them to us separately and told us not to tell the other.
However, I've always known... That...
Celesia...
NARCY: That tremor... Could it be?
NARCISSA: It's Dufaux. I... I know where he is.
NARCY: ...
I do too.
NARCY/NARCISSA: The backyard well.
NARCISSA: Come, let us go. This ends now.
Would you like to use Strength and push this boulder?
The boulder fell down to the floor below!
You decided to leave it alone.
There's a digipad on the safe.
You left the safe alone.
It's an open safe. It has a photograph, a Froslass doll, and a vial of Zalavin-352 inside of it.
...! There's something hidden in the back of the safe!
???: ...
There's no footing on the other side...
NARCISSA: We have you cornered. There's nowhere to run!
ROTOM: Raoo!
NARCISSA: That pesky little...
NARCISSA: ...Oh? It looks like there's a room behind this fireplace!
That Rotom must've went in there somewhere!
Day ???, Month ???...
???: It is the duty to uphold the Altair name, but I believe that isolating my granddaughters from Pokemon is absurd.
It is not my place to override my daughter's choices with her children, but that doesn't mean I can't make my own.
I went to Hiyoshi City today and picked up a beautiful Clefairy doll from one of the street vendors.
He told me of Blakery CO. and their new interactive Clefairy that was made especially for small children.
Technically, this wasn't an actual Pokemon. Therefore my daughter can do nothing about it. There's no harm.
...Though he did warn me about one thing.
To keep this doll away from water.
I suppose this makes sense. A mechanical toy would be dangerous to play around with by water, right?
I have to make sure Celesia plays with the doll responsibly.
I've still got my conniving ways even in my old age, ohohoho..."
The Clefairy's hands are pointing towards the candelabra.
It's the mechanical Clefairy doll.
The left stick on the candelabra looks movable.
Move the candelabra stick?
\PN twisted the candelabra.
A sound comes from the fireplace...
Yes
No
[Map114]
Which one?
Pick a team (Cynd)
Ah well, it doesn't matter. Please come back anytime!
Pick a team (Chik)
Pick a team (Toto)
CRESCENT: This is 2v1 :)
Maximum edge.
g
gp
ERIN: Yeah, yeah. En gard and all that.
This was the expected outcome but... I had fun.
ERIN: What's important is that we had fun.
Isn't that what people say after they lose or something.
MELIA: It sure is.
ERIN: I don't think battling will ever be for me, but I will admit...
That I did have some fun in that fight, thanks.
MELIA: Erin?
ERIN: I just... I don't really have many opportunities to feel this way.
So whenever I do, I don't know how to act.
MELIA: I don't understand.
ERIN: I've never had real friends. I never had real parents.
I've never had a real life of my own. I just did the same routine, over and over.
But all of that changed when Aelita appeared.
Suddenly it feels like I'm finally a part of something.
Something that gives my life some sort of worth and meaning.
I just wanted to say that I... appreciate you all.
You, Huey, Lavender, Venam, \v[12], Aelita, Kanon-- Everyone that's been with me so far.
Thank you all... For breaking me out of my own prison.
MELIA: We'd be there to break you out no matter what.
Because now you're a part of our group. Our family. We have to look after each other!
Because when we're out there fighting evil, there won't be anyone but us.
ERIN: Y-Yeah... You're right.
\ts[1]Thank you, Melia.
Gym 1
Gym 2
Gym 3
Branch
Gym 4
Gym 5
Gym 6
Gym 7
Gym 8
None
[Map115]
NIM: \PN! Wowie, wow! Can't believe we ran into each other like this!
The chances of this is nigh... nimpossible...
AELITA: ...Hello! You know \PN?
NIM: Hhhyeah I do! \PN and I had a run in on Route 2.
It's kinda funny how we ran into each other on another Route that's a multiple of 2!
By the way, what's your name?
AELITA: It's Aelita, pleased to meet you... Uh...?
NIM: It's Nim! You can call me Nim!
But, uhm, are you two, by chance, on your way to Akuwa Town?
AELITA: That's right! \PN and I are on a mission to find this person called Saki Blakeory.
Apparently she's hangin' around Akuwa Town right now, so we're gonna go check up with her.
NIM: O-Okay, well, you guys mind if I tag along for a little while?
AELITA: The more, the merrier! Please do come with us!
NIM: R-Really? Awesome! I won't be a burden, I swear!
KRICKETOT: Kricket!
MISDREAVUS: Dreevus!
NIM: Aelita went off ahead, \PN! Do you want to catch up with her with me?
This place is massive, but the path to Akuwa Town is pretty straightforward!
Don't worry, I'm strong! I'll keep your team healthy and protected!
NIM: Hold on, \PN! It shouldn't take long to find this guy!
Promise!
TEDDIE: A girl told me there was a place around here, but I can't find it!
Send them to the Lost Camp?
TEDDIE: Ohhh it's that way...
Bye trainer!
Someone please find me...
RANGER: How are you enjoying your time here on Route 4?
Here, this is a gift from me.
RANGER: There's much to explore if you look just a little past the seams.
What's hidden may bring joy.
Route 4 seems to have changed today!
AELITA: So this is Route 4, huh? That massive Reservoir Narcissa told us about?
They say trainers get extra benefits for being inside of a reservoir!
I don't really know what those are, but I'd imagine they're good!
Since we're here, we should take a look around and see what we can find!
Yes
No
[Map116]
Crystals shine brightly!
NARCISSA: This is weird... This is the place I was found but it's very different.
I remember this place being very dark. \c[6]Like a Dark Crystal Cavern!
I wonder if there's any way to change this cave into a Dark Crystal Cavern?
[Map117]
STAFF: Hello, how may I help you today?
Once you complete a help request you can come back here, and claim your rewards!
How may I help you today?
STAFF: You've completed the help request "Save Starly"!
Here is your reward!
\PN received 890$!
STAFF: We appreciate your help!
STAFF: You've completed the help request "Missing Mother"!
\PN received 550$
STAFF: Regarding the free hair cut, please speak to Rosa yourself about that.
STAFF: You've completed the help request "The Hidden Library"!
STAFF: You've completed the help request "Love Letter"!
\PN received 350$
STAFF: You've completed the help request "Dangerous Pokemon"!
STAFF: You've completed the help request "Battle Request"!
STAFF: You've completed the help request "Wretched Music"!
\PN received 1,100$
STAFF: Sorry, but there are no rewards available for you at this time.
This is a Help Center. It's a place where people can submit their troubles and wait for someone to help solve their issues.
Help requests are submitted and posted on the blackboard by our staff.
You may approach this blackboard and accept any quest you'd like to complete.
At this point, you cannot accept any other request, but you can cancel them at any time.
Once a request is completed, return to this counter and receive your reward. Simple!
CLERK: We'll eagerly await your next visit.
You've completed the "Pokeball Conundrum" help request!
Here is your reward, alongside a thank you note from Adrienn.
"ADRIENN: Thank you for your contribution! Because of you the development of the city has increased!
Please take these items as thanks. -Adrienn."
\PN received $12,356!
Thank you for helping!
You've completed the "Forest Restoration" help request!
"ADRIENN: Thank you for your contribution! Because of you the development of the city and the forest has increased!
\GPlease take these items as thanks. -Adrienn."
\G\PN received $250,000!
You've completed the "Mall Opportunities" help request!
\G\PN received $25,840!
AYA: Looks like you've put a lot of work into all of this.
Part of me wants to feel indifferent about it, but seeing you work kind of makes me happy.
When Jan asked me to substitute for Venam, I was a little annoyed by it...
But it's kinda nice to see things come together.
Listen, I'm not an expert or anything, but if you wanna battle, that'd be cool.
Like I said, I'm held up over at Venam's Gym until she returns, so...
Yeah, just meet me there if you wanna do this.
You currently have no rewards available.
This is the Help Center, we allow trainers to post what we call help requests.
Help requests are bulletins that are posted on the help board over there.
Once a trainer accepts a help request, and completes it...
They receive rewards for them!
So it's basically a general offer of reward.
Please come again!
I'm afraid there's nothing left! You've done so much work for us. Thank you!
Do you think doing more requests will get me an extra hour in the ball pit?
AYUDA: This glorious machine is called the Assembly Component.
This world is filled to the brim with cells from various Pokemon and the like.
Normal people cannot see them lying about, but like I've said previously, you aren't normal.
Well, at least, not anymore!
I am on a quest to locate all 100 Zygarde Cells located around Aevium!
There are 150 in all, but we only need 100!
Oh, excuse me, I haven't even explained what Zygarde is.
Zygarde is a Legendary Pokemon. It can be constructed and deconstructed via this machine.
If we are able to collect all 150 cells, then we should be able to construct a Zygarde of our own!
Normally there would only be 100 required to complete a 100% Zygarde...
But our machine is considerably weak. It requires more energy to be put forth.
I need a trainer who can help me gather them!
Since you're taking on the league, you'll be travelling all around Aevium, correct?
Then it should be easy for you to gather all of the cells!
Please, help me!
AYUDA: Ah, \PN. I knew I could count on you!
You'll need this.
This is a Gather Cube.
You can gather various types of cells within it.
You can also check to see how many cells you've gathered.
Please come speak to me once you've obtained 5 Zygarde Cells.
Good luck out there, \PN!
AYUDA: Please!
AYUDA: I wanted to give this responsibility to my son, but he went off to live in Grand Dream City.
Eh, it's fine. Follow your dreams and stuff.
Please come speak to me when you've found 5 Zygarde Cells!
Oh! It seems like you've found 5 Zygarde Cells already!
Please take this as thanks!
Please, come back when you find 35 Zygarde Cells!
AYUDA: Please come back when you have 35 Zygarde Cells!
Oh! it looks like you've found 35 Zygarde Cells! Nice job!
Please, come back when you find 45 Zygarde Cells!
AYUDA: Please come back when you have 45 Zygarde Cells!
Oh! it looks like you've found 45 Zygarde Cells! Nice job!
Please, come back when you find 70 Zygarde Cells!
AYUDA: Please come back when you have 70 Zygarde Cells!
Oh! it looks like you've found 70 Zygarde Cells! Nice job!
Please, come back when you find 100 Zygarde Cells!
AYUDA: Please come back when you have 100 Zygarde Cells!
Oh! it looks like you've found 100 Zygarde cells!
Oh! Oh! Oh! It looks like you have a Zygarde Core as well! This is perfect!
With all these cells and this Zygarde core, we can construct our very own Zygarde 10% Forme!
Would you like me to do so?
AYUDA: Alright let's do this!
AYUDA: And it is done. I have completed Zygarde 10% form! Please take it with you!
East Gearen Help Plaza
AYUDA: Zygarde is capable of learning even more special moves.
But that's only if we're able to collect more Zygarde Cores.
Counting the one we used to create 10% Zygarde, there are 5.
Our radars aren't picking up any other cores at the moment, but I'm sure some will show up soon!
AYUDA: O-Oh! Okay...
All we need now is a Zygarde Core!
We originally found the first Zygarde cell inside of Sand Stream Cave.
Maybe if you'll find something if you visit?
AYUDA: Please come back when you find more Zygarde Cores!
A request has already been started.
Cancel the request in progress?
Request has been cancelled.
These are the available requests.\ch[1,9,Save Starly!,Missing Mother,The Hidden Library,Love Letter!,Dangerous Pokemon!,Battle Request!, Wretched Music, No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
This help request has already been answered.
Accept this request?
Help request accepted.
"I'll be waiting at the East Gearen Lab."
The "Save Starly" request must be completed before starting this one.
This request has been completed already.
This request has been accepted already.
This request can only be accepted at night.
These are the available requests.\ch[1,4,Pokeball Conundrum,Forest Restoration,Mall Opportunities,No Thanks]
"ADRIENN: Please visit the folks down by the Pokeball Emporium."
"JAN: Adrienn will meet you in front of the Railnet Station north of the lab."
"AYA: She'll be waiting inside of the mall. Don't be late."
I believe President Ayuda wanted to speak with you.
Is there anything you need to know about Zygarde or its cells?
Zygarde is a Legendary Pokemon that originated from the Kalos Region.
Zygarde itself is composed of many cells.
When Zygarde obtains 10% of its cells, then it can transform into Zygarde 10%.
When it reaches 50%, it can turn into the Zygarde we all know. Incomplete Zygarde.
When Zygarde obtains all of its cells, it can transform into its perfect form.
Unfortunately we do not have the power to create Zygarde's cells at the moment.
All we can do is collect them and wait until we have the means to do so.
There's a general rule that applies when searching for Zygarde Cells.
You won't find Zygarde Cells in places you can only be in temporarily.
So you don't have to worry about missing cells.
Finally, some only appear during the day and some only appear at night.
You'll have to really look if you want to find them!
Cores are special types of cells that can teach Zygarde specific moves.
I wouldn't worry too much about cores.
They're extremely rare. I doubt you'd be able to find any.
Good luck!
Ah, so you've accepted the task of finding Zygarde Cells for Ayuda?
If you need to know anything about Zygarde or Zygarde's cells, please speak to me.
STAFF: If you're lost on what this place is, you should talk to the staff behind the counter.
They have all the information you need!
Hey! Are you curious about what you're supposed to do?
A little girl had her Pokemon snatched from her while walking around.
She said that they may be going to Oceana Pier to make a quick escape.
Don't forget to speak to her in the Gearen Laboratory beforehand.
The hairdresser at the Petal Salon has gone missing!
Sasha, her daughter, will be able to give you further details on her whereabouts.
Some guy wants you to ask specific people about an ancient library that existed underneath Gearen.
I think I heard that he wanted to ask the receptionist at the Chrisola Hotel, Karrina the gang leader, and a woman in Leaflet park.
You'll have to speak to our client in Gearen laboratory before they'll give you any info.
You have to deliver a letter from our client to the love of his life.
I believe he said that his love hangs around the shopping district.
You'll obviously need to talk to our client at Oceana Pier Gate before anything else.
Apparently a group of rogue Pokemon have been spotted at Oceana Pier. Take care of them!
A sprouting prodigy would like to battle you! Please meet her on the rooftop of the Chrisola Hotel!
Don't be late!
Someone is causing a ton of havoc at the Chrisola Hotel with their loud music!
Find the culprit and please just make them stop!
Hm... you haven't even started a request!
Alright, well, come back soon!
???: Hm, if only I had...
???: You there! May I speak with you for a moment?
???: Ah... Is that the Poison Heart Badge?
It is, isn't it?
Pardon me, I don't believe I've introduced myself.
My name is Ayuda. I am the President of Help Plaza Co.
I run this company with my lovely wife, Mei.
Together we are Ayuda and Mei!
What is your name?
\PN is it? Good name!
Say, \PN, how would you like to help me out with an experiment?
AYUDA: Glorious! Let us move into the next room!
AYUDA: Normal people usually aren't allowed past this point, but you aren't normal, are you?
...But in a good way! Aren't people who are abnormal more interesting?
Don't answer that.
AYUDA: Come on! Don't be like that!
???: Hm... I suppose you're not actually what I was looking for.
Sorry for bothering you.
Rewards
Quest Legend
Further Info
No thanks
Info
No Thanks
Fine...
Nah.
PLEASE!
I'm good
Yes
No
About Zygarde...
Where can I find cells?
What are Cores?
I'm good for now.
You don't give me a choice.
Uh...You're weird.
[Map118]
Looks like you could scale these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
VENAM: What the...?
There's a forest located inside of a mountain?
Inside. Of a MOUNTAIN.
This completely goes against the rules of reality. This shit is crazy.
VENAM: Wait a minute... \PN, didn't you say there was a forest in Valor Mountain?!
Just how did you know that?
VENAM: More like a lucky guess. But if you wanna call it that, fine.
VENAM: Pfft, okay. You read about this? That didn't sound like the truth at all.
VENAM: Somehow I highly doubt that. You only just came to Aevium a few months ago now.
Melia had to have strolled on in here, right? But where? This place looks massive...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
VENAM: So... Like, are you going to tell us where you're going?
MELIA: Kyaah!!!
What the hell, Venam?! \PN?! What are you guys doing scaring me like that!
VENAM: I asked you a question first! How'd you know how to open that door?
What are you doing all the way up here by yourself?
MELIA: Listen, I'm just doing what I always said I would.
Do you remember, \PN? I said when I returned everyone home, I would do the same, right?
VENAM: Return home? Where exactly is home for you? This isn't East Gearen.
MELIA: East Gearen City was not my home. It was a glorified cage.
VENAM: Okay, well, wherever you're going, you were gonna do it without telling anyone?
MELIA: I just thought that was best since you guys just wanted to party.
The one you invited me to even though you knew I was depressed over Nim and my Dad.
VENAM: I just wanted you to have a fun night, that's all.
MELIA: No you didn't! Venam, I've known you since we were children.
I KNOW how you work. You say it was for me but YOU just wanted a good night.
You're selfish and immature. It's disgusting. And you even dragged \PN all the way here.
My Dad and my friend BOTH died in front of me. I was powerless to do anything about it.
VENAM: I...
MELIA: But I know, even through all that toxicity... I know you didn't mean it that way.
So that's why I'm just going to leave. It's better this way, Venam, \PN.
VENAM: Wait, Melia. I'm... I'm sorry, please don't go!
MELIA: ...
VENAM: I just say... the dumbest things... I know I'm not the smartest or the most sensitive person, or the most mature...
But I always do stuff in a fun spirit. Not because I wanna be bad or something.
I'm telling the truth when I say I invited you because I wanted you to get your mind off all the bad stuff that's happened.
And you're right about me being immature. I know I can be a bit loud and obnoxious, but...!!!
When you were gone... I started lashing out. I lost my friends and I was collapsing.
I came to Terajuma Island suddenly because I thought running away would solve my problems.
To indulge myself on a tropical island where it's sunny and happy... I thought...
MELIA: Venam...
VENAM: But I got a second chance no one in this world gets.
My best friend came back to life. Right before me. I was so happy.
It felt like all my sadness had left my body. I wanted to be there with you.
I wanted to make up for lost time, so... Again, I'm sorry.
VENAM: And don't worry, I'll become mature and change. I'll, um... I'll get a job. Yeah, a job!!
I'll get a job and that'll set me straight. I'll make a lot of money and-
MELIA: B-But, Venam. You already have a job. You're a Gym Leader.
VENAM: Y-Yeah, I guess you're right. I do have that don't I. Haha, don't I feel dumb.
MELIA: It would be unfair of me to force you to change. That should be your decision.
But even if we did have a rough patch, you and \PN both came looking for me.
I really appreciate it, and I won't forget this.
VENAM: So are we... friends again?
MELIA: Our friendship never ended. Either way, I accept the apology.
But there's one last person we may need to apologize to.
VENAM: ...Who?
MELIA: \PN just had to go through this whole awkward thing. Now that's a real sin.
VENAM: OH.
S-Sorry about that, \PN.
MELIA: Yeah... That must've been super awkward.
MELIA: Heh... We'll make it up to you, promise, kay?
VENAM: Yeah I'll buy you a burrito or something.
MELIA: Yeah, sorta awkward is right. Welp, what's done is done.
VENAM: So... are you still going to go?
MELIA: ...Yeah. I have to return at some point, and there's no reason for me to stay in this period.
But um, maybe... Maybe you guys could come with me?
Even if it's only for a little while.
VENAM: Where would we be going?
MELIA: I think it would be easier to just go there.
MELIA: You guys may wanna brace yourselves. This can get pretty disorientating.
VENAM: Um, if you say so. I'm sure I can-
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
The crystal has been shattered!
Yes
No
Intuition.
Read about it.
Been here before.
It's okay!
Sorta awkward.
[Map119]
AELITA: What's going on here? This... This can't be right...
Carotos Mountain isn't a volcano... So why is...?
AELITA: Oh, \PN... Take a look at this place...
The Eldest always said this place was supposed to be a damp, calm mountain...
But this... This is nothing close to what she described. Carotos Mountain isn't a volcano...
Everything was going so well. I thought the Sensei had his eyes open by your battle...
But now I feel like I started something terrible. Please, \PN. Help me find the Sensei!
AELITA: Thank you so much, \PN!
I know we can find him together! Let's get a move on!
AELITA: Y-You won't help me...? I understand... This is none of your business anyway.
AELITA: Have you finished your duties? Are you able to help me now?
AELITA: I knew I could count on you, \PN! We can cover more ground together!
AELITA: I see... I won't go without you, so please hurry...
AELITA: What is that thing?! It's all squirmy and disgusting...
Whatever it is... it's horrifying. Let's keep going.
AELITA: Hey, what's with this thing on the ground?
???: I am no thing! I am also nothing!
???: Beep Bop Beep Boop!
???: Hello! I am the Security Enforcer Component, but you may call me SEC!
Model #3567, this model, was placed under the authority of subject: \rMadelis.
Please insert your specially crafted Team Xen ID Cards into the slot provided!
AELITA: Team Xen ID Cards...?
I'm afraid I don't have anything like that...
But that name... Team Xen you said? It sounds familiar to me somehow...
SEC: No specially crafted Team Xen ID Cards?!
No matter. I shall activate our backup voice recognition app!
PLEASE HOLD YOURSELVES.
AELITA: Ah... I think I just made things more difficult.
SEC: WARNING! WARNING!
INTRUDER!INTRUDER!INTRUDER!INTRUDER! INTRUDER!INTRUDER!INTRUDER!INTRUDER!
How could you do this to SEC? SEC was the team player! The MVP!
SEC was ready to offer complimentary Team Xen pudding, but you spit on SEC!
You're no member of Team Xen! You are unauthorized guests!
That makes SEC very angry, you know?! Very, very, very angry!
AELITA: I-I see! That being the case, we'll move out of the way then, yeah?
SEC: Too late!! SEC has already notified the higher ups!
SEC has already been programed to neutralize both of you!
There will be no mercy to be had! Your heroes will always die!
*SWITCHING TO BATTLE MODE*
AELITA: This thing is terrifying!
\PN, watch out!!
AUWGH! My systems are failing!
SEC: Aw... Was that really the result?
SEC is mortified. Terrified, and even excited...
How could such a bad thing happen to SEC. The good guy. The one that got away...
I-It's time for SEC to shut down for good...
G-Good...bye...
AELITA: ... I sort of feel bad for it... I think.
It's probably treated terribly, and yet, it still works for whoever created it.
May you rest in peace, SEC.
SEC: Sike! I'm back!
I bet you thought I was dead huh? Ahahaa...
Ah, but I wasn't kidding about SEC shutting down for good!
That much is pretty true, but the way SEC gets to do it will put the socks on your grandmothers!
Check it out!
AELITA: I-Is that a stick of dynamite?!
SEC: When SEC is defeated... there is no more purpose in life for SEC.
Self-annihilation is the only feasible way of scrapping myself.
After all, every show must end with a bang, right?
SEC: S-Stop! Stop the music! Stop it now!
I shall play a familiar tune for you!
SEC: Listen up, Pal. You've got a long way to go before you reach the top.
Though this version of myself will be gone, my brain is connected to an even larger server!
I have endless amounts of bodies!
You and I will be rivals for the rest of this mountain!
Best person, er, robot, will win!
See ya, pal!
AELITA: Ahah... that was a little strange, wasn't it?
Putting the strange drone aside, that Pokemon it used looked rather peculiar...
...
It used a Shadow Pokemon?
I can't say I've heard of such a thing...
You can explain more later. Right now we've got a job to do, right?
Plus, we could always ask SEC again. It did say that there were more of it, right?
Hahaha... great to hear.
There seems to be an abandoned egg here...
Take it?
\PN got the egg!
You left the egg alone.
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
AELITA: Oh... do you need to leave for a while?
AELITA: I understand, but I won't go any farther without you.
I'll wait here for you to return. Don't forget about me...
AELITA: Then let's keep going! We don't have time to mess around!
Yes
No
[Map120]
It appears to be a note.
Read it?
"Hey, just wanted to leave this note here for any other AA grunts wandering around.
We captured the Ampharos from each light house and now we're bringing them to Jirukala Cavern.
Don't forget that you need the passcode to get in. The passcode is...
Shoot, I can't remember it off-hand. When I remember it, I'll write it down and leave it at another lighthouse!"
We captured the Ampharos from each light house and now we're bringing them to Terajuma Cave.
"Hey, it's me again. I think I remember the passcode to that door thing.
If I remember correctly the digits were 9, 8...
9.... 8....
Well, maybe I don't completely remember the rest of the code, but the first two digits are definitely 9 and 8.
I'll write another note if I remember the last two digits. "
"Hey, I remembered the last two digits to that code!
It's 6 and 7. In that order.
So the full code would be...
...
Now I forgot the first half of the code.
Oh well, I wrote them on a piece of paper in another lighthouse. Shouldn't be too hard to find."
What's the harm?
Eh...
[Map121]
It's a notebook that has an extensive amount of filled pages.
Read it?
"Meet Existentialists whom harten."
"To the person reading this,\n This notebook was meant for you.
I have studied the heart of humans and Pokemon for a very long time.
The heart I refer to is not the physical one, but the spiritual one. You may even refer to it as a soul.
You may have come across Pokemon with closed hearts. These are called Shadow Pokemon.
Shadow Pokemon feel nothing but the desire to hurt and destroy. Truly and utterly soulless beings.
These Pokemon are known for attacking Pokemon <i>and</i> humans alike.
Fortunately, a process known as "purification" was created to re-open the hearts of Shadow Pokemon.
This created the possibility of redemption for Pokemon thought to be too far gone.
Too far gone... ah yes.
I've come across beings far worse than Shadow Pokemon.
Beings <i>completely</i> devoid of every emotion excluding hatred.
... I think I shall call these Pokemon... \rDimensional Rift Pokemon.
These beings are Pokemon that have their inner darkness amplified to its maximum potential.
This emotion then implodes within the Pokemon. This allows the Pokemon to gain a circular-orb form.
Although this is the first form they take, it is their dormant form. In this form, they cannot do much.
... However, when provoked, the Pokemon can morph into their true body. Born from hatred of course.
This is when a being like no other appears. It is very, very, difficult to revert them back at this state.
Heh...
But should we?
It is then when they are most vulnerable. Their body is the literal manifestation of their heart and soul.
It is in this form that we are able to purify them back into their original being.
The process isn't too complicated either. You may not understand it, but someone will.
Take this book and follow these directions:"
... It gets really complicated from here on out, but this seems very important.
Take the book?
A new timeline has been created. This action has affected the future.
You left the book alone.
It's a map of Aevium...\| Post-Calamity! There are markers for Sheridan Village and GDC on it.
It's a doll of Anju! Her eyes have been torn out...
It's a doll of someone... Their eyes are torn out of their face.
Looks to be strange writing written on the board with chalk.
It's a doll of Nymiera... Her entire body has been stabbed multiple times, and her face has been burned off...
It's a doll of someone... Their entire body has been stabbed multiple times, and their face has been burned off...
A strange symbol has been drawn on the board with chalk.
Floor?
It's a stone sculpture of Vivian!
It's a stone sculpture of someone...
Yes
No
???
None
[Map122]
AELITA: Ma'am, you do realize this place is burning up, right?
It's too dangerous to be here!
KATSU: In that case, what are you doing here? You don't have to tell me the obvious!
AELITA: HEY, we're just looking out for you!
KATSU: And I'm looking out for my daughter!
She ran off this way after your friend there freaked her out!
AELITA: \PN freaked her out...?
KATSU: \PN and their delinquent friend!
Told some story about my daughter's best friend getting kidnapped...
Made her run right off into this Route, and now this is happening!
I've wasted enough time here. I need to keep looking!
AELITA: This is very much not our problem, but still...
Damnit, why am I like this?! Why can't I just let her stupidity kill her?!
Hey, wait up!
Follow Aelita!
OFFICER: You shouldn't be here! This place is far too dangerous!
Sorry, but until things settle down, we cannot allow you to go any further.
ERIN: Oh wonderful, a forest fire. That's definitely something I wanted to experience in life.
MELIA: This is terrible! What could've caused this?!
???: H-Help me...
OLDLADY: P-Please, I was just on my way to Kugearen when...\| Ooooh...
ERIN: She's hurt. We're going to need to get her to safety immediately.
MELIA: This looks like Route 4. If that's the case, then Kugearen is just north from here.
We can bring her there!
ERIN: Sounds good. Let's do that then.
OLDLADY: Th-Thank you...
AELITA: Huh...?\| What...?\|
\PN, did you hear all that?
AELITA: I don't know how to explain it... I didn't hear a voice per se...
But it felt like something was trying to communicate with me.
And it's telling me that something bad is about to happen.
Could it be...\| The Earth itself?
AELITA: Uh? What is that woman doing?? Does she not see this place burning?
Ugh... We should probably do something about her. Not that I care.
I just don't wanna be responsible if something happens to her.
AELITA: Whoa, was that an earthquake?! What's going on here?
Maybe we should just-
AELITA: Okay, this is stupid. If she wants to die, then let her!
\PN, we need to get out of here ourselves!
AELITA: \PN... Look up at the sky!
OFFICER: I think we're expecting one final impact here soon. You should leave.
KATSU: ...Anastasia, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to push you this far.
I was worried about your future. Our future.
When all this is said and done, and when we return to Miera...
I wanted you to be prepared and live a life of luxury and accomplishment.
I know you're here. Please stop hiding! Very soon a meteorite will hit this Route again.
And... And... Oh...\| Oh my God...
Anastasia, please!
KATSU: \ts[2]Ana...stasia...
MELIA: Things got pretty heated back there.
I talked so much that I didn't even give you a chance to get a word in...
Not that I assume you wanted to, but yeah I wanted to apologize.
Putting me through torture is something, but putting you through it too...?
Something deep inside of me was angered.
\PN...
You're my best friend, and I'm glad I met you!
I hope you can rely on me just as much as I rely on you.
If the going gets tough, I'll be by your side. Got that?
I... I just wanted to say that.
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
Uh...?
Hear what?
Yes
No
[Map123]
VENAM: This place looks like a workshop, but it's also got a royal vibe goin' on?
This castle has got to have what we need.
VENAM: Huh? A locked door?
VENAM: Mind if I take a look?
VENAM: Hm... I thought it was weird that this was here in the first place, but...
This wasn't left behind by someone who owned this castle long ago.
It looks new, and to further support my conclusion, there's a Blakeory insignia on the back of it.
So the Blakeorys have something to do with this? Why am I not surprised?
Let's hope that key is held up somewhere in this castle.
VENAM: That fossil is definitely Armaldo, the Plate Pokemon.
I believe in ancient times, Armaldo lived near shores.
It was convenient for them because they could jump into the water and hunt for prey, while also being safe on land.
Great hunters, but the test of time was too much for them, eventually.
VENAM: What?
VENAM: Uh... I guess I can see where you're coming from, but even I liked some things while in school.
I was actually good at the math and science subjects, but I never really cared much about exams or anything, really.
VENAM: I dunno? I just know this.
Math and science were my favorite subjects when I were in school.
My favorite subject was Pokemon Biology. But I never got too into it because that's not what pUnK rOckErS dO.
You know? Stupid stuff like that.
VENAM: Uh-huh? Whatever, just wanted to throw that out.
VENAM: An elevator? This place has an elevator?
But... I don't care how advanced the Celgearn Kingdom was, I doubt they'd have an elevator just like the ones we have.
I call Blakeory shenanigans.
Doesn't have an insignia or anything though, and they're always sticklers about having their logo plastered on everything they shit out.
VENAM: Um, I don't think this thing works.
Because of course it doesn't.
VENAM: Hey, \PN, take a look at this!
VENAM: Teleport pads too?! This place was stacked!
VENAM: Whoa, this place is all technical and stuff, but also has some sort of a royal type of vibe?
I guess it's just like Erin said, this is definitely Celgearn Castle.
They manufactured all sorts of weapons and items centuries ago.
Everything seems to check out. So let's start looking.
Venam joined your party!
I didn't expect that...
How much do you know?
Nothing!
[Map124]
Take the Mime Jr. with you?
Locked.
Leave me alone! I don't have time to bother with someone like you!
What have we here? A couple of rogue agents?
My intellect wasn't able to stop you?!
How could you ruin such a beautiful endeavor? Have you no intellectual morals?
I never thought I'd see a kid in a place like this!
I never would've thought that I'd be beaten by the same kid!
Well, I guess life is full of surprises.
SHARON: Eli... How did this even happen in the first place?
ELI: Sh-Shalice, help...!
SHARON: What am I going to do with you?
SHARON: Huh?
Oh, it's only you.
Here, just take it.
SHARON: Madelis told me to guard this key, but...
KETA: You'll get in a terrible amount of trouble for helping us out like this.
SHARON: So what? She probably expected me to lose in the first place anyway.
Besides, I've never liked Madelis anyway. She's far too pretentious.
I'll just make it look like I lost trying to protect her precious key.
KETA: Thank you. I appreciate it.
SHARON: Yeah, whatever.
SHARON: Eli, just hold on. I'll get you out of there!
Why won't you two just burn?
Looks like I got burned up...
I hate the heat.
It'd be wise to check the bookshelves in this room.
Some of them contain crucial information.
My calculations say that you're going to fail here and now.
You're just wasting your time you know? We'll continue our research regardless of the outcome!
Shadow Pokemon will crush our enemies!
KETA: \PN? What are you doing here?!
Did you follow me into the mountain?
???:\c[1] AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED.
CLARA: \c[1]AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED TO PROCEED THROUGH THIS ESTABLISHMENT.
KETA: This thing just won't leave me alone...
CLARA: \c[1]VOICE RECEIVED. PROCESSING...
\c[1]VOICE RECOGNIZED AS: KETA.
\c[1]A MESSAGE HAS BEEN RECORDED BY USER MADELIS FOR USER KETA.
KETA: A message for me? Play it. Now.
CLARA: \c[1]PLAYING MESSAGE.
MADELIS: Ah, Keta. Welcome to my base of operations.
I've been watching you the moment you stepped foot inside of the mountain.
It seems you intend to break our agreement. Therefore I've taken drastic measures.
Right now I have Aelita in my possession. Care to say something, Aelita?
AELITA: S-Sensei! Don't fall for her tr-
KETA: Aelita!?
MADELIS: That's enough, girl.
If you wish to see Aelita again, you'll have to meet me at the very end of my laboratory.
To do so, you must collect all four keys I've laid around the lab.
Don't keep me waiting, Keta.
CLARA:\c[1] END OF MESSAGE.
\c[1]RETURNING TO STATION.
KETA: ...She has Aelita... This is the worst possible scenario.
I know Madelis, but I'm not sure what she's actually capable of.
Because of that, we're going to need to gather all those keys as fast as possible.
While splitting up may be quicker, I cannot deny the possibility of traps being set around the laboratory.
Permit me to travel with you temporarily.
Let's go, there isn't much time!
I shall battle in sync with my opponent!
I'm just as bad as that boy band!
What kind of music do you like?
Would you like to volunteer for human testing?
But you would've been a wonderful specimen!
Maybe one day you'll reconsider.
Did you know that I hate my job? I really do!
I guess I made a fool out of myself.
I wonder if I'll get fired for this? I think that'd be pretty rad.
"Shadowfication Process | Madelis".
"MADELIS: The Shadowfication Process is rather simple.
To transform a Pokemon into a Shadow Pokemon, a certain amount of Ether energy is required.
Using this Ether, we are able to close the door to a Pokemon's heart.
In doing so, this removes the Pokemon's emotions and turns them into emotionless fighters."
\PN inserted the Blue Key.
It's a large keyhole.
The force field has disappeared!
KETA: What's wrong? Do you need to leave?
KETA: Fine, but if you don't return, I'll find you.
KETA: Then let's keep going. We don't have all day!
Madelis is going to kill me if I don't defeat you!
Welp, guess I'll die!
No, it's fine. It's okay. I won't survive, but whatever.
CLARA: \c[1] HOW MAY I ASSIST YOU?
KETA: I'm surprised this thing is being so friendly to us.
You know, considering we're not exactly on its side.
CLARA:\c[1] AS OF THIS CURRENT MOMENT, YOU ARE CLASSIFIED AS GUESTS.
\c[1]SO THERE ARE NO DIFFERING "SIDES".
KETA: I see...
CLARA:\c[1] HOWEVER. SINCE YOU ARE CLASSIFIED AS AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL...
\c[1]I AM REQUIRED TO BRIEF YOU IN ON THE DETAILS OF THIS ESTABLISHMENT.
KETA: Intel on the enemy base? This could prove to be useful...
CLARA:\c[1] VERY WELL, ON THE LEFT CONTAINS THE TRAIN TERMINAL.
\c[1]USING THIS TERMINAL WILL TRANSPORT YOU TO OUR BACKUP FACILITY.
\c[1]HOWEVER, DUE TO YOUR TEMPORARY MEMBER STATUS... YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ENTER THE TRAIN ITSELF.
\c[1]ON THE LOWER LEFT, YOU HAVE THE LIBRARY.
\c[1]THIS CONTAINS INFORMATION ON SHADOW POKEMON AND THEIR GENERAL FUNCTIONALITY.
\c[1]ON THE RIGHT, YOU HAVE THE POKEBALL STORAGE FACILITY.
\c[1]THIS FACILITY IS USED TO SUPPLY NEW SHADOW POKEMON IN MODIFIED POKEBALLS.
\c[1]TO THE LOWER RIGHT, WE HAVE THE SHADOWFICATION ROOM.
\c[1]THIS IS WHERE POKEMON ARE ACTUALLY TRANSFORMED INTO SHADOW POKEMON.
\c[1]AND FINALLY, BEHIND THE BARRIERS IS MADELIS' ROOM. YOUR DESTINATION.
KETA: I understand. Thank you for the information.
CLARA: \c[1]ONE LAST THING.
KETA: Huh?
CLARA:\c[1] DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT THROWING ANY PARTIES.
\c[1]PARTIES ARE STRICTLY FORBIDDEN. I WILL NOT ALLOW A PARTY TO BE THROWN.
\ts[2]\c[1]NOT AGAIN...
KETA: Uh... Alright. Don't have to worry about that.
CLARA\ts[2]\c[1] *Sob* *Sob*
KETA: Is... it crying? This is weird. Let's just leave it to its own devices... Literally?
CLARA: \c[1] PLEASE LEAVE ME. I AM HAVING AN EMOTIONAL MOMENT.
Madelis is preparing something very special for you all!
I'm sure you'll appreciate it quite well!
What? You want to talk to me again? I don't have anything to say.
\PN inserted the Yellow Key.
Haven't we met before?
Weren't you from the forest?
I guess you can go on by. Not like I can stop you.
I wonder if we should experiment on you?
But... it's for science!
Don't you want to do this for science?
\PN inserted the Green Key.
\PN inserted the Red Key.
You aren't allowed to be in here!
I guess I can't stop you.
Don't you dare touch our test subject!
This is as far as you go!
This is as far as I speak!
I think I talk too much.
Yes
No
Read up?
I'm good, thanks though.
[Map125]
ERIN: It's a good thing we showed up when we did.
MELIA: Yeah, that old lady should be safe where she is now.
ERIN: Uh... Maybe she won't be.
MELIA: Huh?
ERIN: Take a look at that!
MELIA: ...Erin, where's \PN and Aelita?
ERIN: Beats me, I thought they were following us?
MELIA: They can't both still be on Route 4, right...?
-og s'tel ,haeY :MANEV
!og tsuj s'tel dna\nkool ot ecalp rehtona kcip s'teL :NONAK
...yaw gnorw eht enog ev'tsum eW !erehwyna reh ees t'nod I :MANEV
"Kugearen City."
TASIA: Kyahhh!!!! Maria!
[Map126]
MELIA: Can't leave here just yet.
MELIA: Huh?
MADELIS: I'm outta steam, I'm just gonna sit back and watch this one.
CASSANDRA: Well, hello there! You certainly took your time...
VENAM: Oh for fuck's sake... Are we really doing this right now?
CASSANDRA: Now, now... There's no need for such vulgarity...
It's been a long, tough day for all of us.\| We've all made mistakes.
MELIA: Really now?
CASSANDRA: Really.
I wanted to propose a little deal with you all.
REN: Oh?
CASSANDRA: It's come to my attention that you have an... unfavorable photo of me in your possession!
MELIA: Oh nooo... How did you find out about that...?
CASSANDRA: Heh, I'm more astute than you think...
If you hand over that photo, I'll let everything that happened today slide!
No mention of Ren to Madame X. No interfering on my part as Mayor.
Doesn't this sound like a good deal? A peaceful truce.
VENAM: Take that offer and shove it up your ass, miss.
CASSANDRA: \ts[2]What did you just say?
REN: You're a fool if you think we'd fall for some basic manipulation like that.
MELIA: We respectfully decline.
CASSANDRA: Who the hell do you think you're talking to like that?!
I'll tear you all up into pieces!
CASSANDRA: But I suppose I'm not too surprised by this outcome.
It's almost so boring how expected this was.
CASSANDRA: I'm afraid you've all just doomed yourselves.
It just so happens that you've pissed off a Team Xen Admin.
A ranking that's even higher than an Executive-- Like Madelis over there.
It's always so sad to see the youth throw away their futures with ignorance.
A girl with power she didn't ask for.
A delinquent who just doesn't learn to sit down and lose.
And a toy who serves a master who doesn't care about him.
I won't let any of you escape punishment.
CASSANDRA: What will you do against me and my Death Wings?
REN: Guys, I don't think she quite understands the situation she's in right now.
VENAM: You idiot... We're not the ones being hunted right now.
CASSANDRA: H-Huh?
CASSANDRA: What just happened...?
MELIA: The tables have turned. You guys are the ones that won't escape.
MELIA: Let's go.
Your strength... It goes against all of our reports! What have you done to get so strong?!
MADELIS: No way...
CASSANDRA: We knew Melia had realized the Archetype's power...
But for it to have advanced this quickly is incomprehensible!
And your Pokemon's strength. It's on another level we had not realized!
MELIA: We had a good teacher.\| Now be quiet.
MADELIS: ...!
MELIA: Madelis...
MADELIS: I never thought the day would come when Cassandra would actually lose.
This is it. She's done for...
VENAM: And what about you? Are you about to be right behind her?
REN: Please, Madelis. Don't cause us any more trouble. You cannot win.
MELIA: This is the last time I'm going to try and convince you, Madelis.
Defect from Team Xen. I don't know what's keeping you with them...
But Team Xen's goal can be nothing short of destruction!
MADELIS: I...
MELIA: Sigh...\| Just leave.
VENAM: What? We're just going to let her go?!
If she reports this-
MADELIS: I won't report this.
VENAM: What?
MADELIS: I've lost this fight, and I have no intention of running.
I'll admit defeat, peacefully.
VENAM: Why should we believe that?
MADELIS: Because I am the evil, and very beautiful Goddess, Madelis.
A promise from me is nothing short of an honor!
Madelis does not break her promises when she gives them out!
...So, please. Just believe me.
VENAM: Alright, I'm going to trust you.\| This time.
MELIA: Then if this is settled, let's grab Cassandra and go.
I know we didn't find what we came here for, but this may be more important.
We should head back to base immediately. We're going to need to let everyone know.
MELIA: Yikes...
MELIA: Is everyone okay?
VENAM: Yeah, a bit of a shake, but...
MADELIS: ...I've never seen this happen before.
Something's not right here...
REN: Melia, grab Cassandra and let's get the hell out of here!
MELIA: Wh-What?!
MADELIS: Get away from that thing!
MELIA: But-
MADELIS: If that thing gets a hold of you, you'll have a lot more problems than just Team Xen!
Leave Cassandra for now! We need to leave!
VENAM: She's right, don't forget that Ren is most susceptible to these things too!
We gotta move!
REN: Aughhh! Not now...
VENAM: Ren, I'll carry you!
MELIA: Guys!
MELIA: We're surrounded...
VENAM: Fine, if we can't walk out, we'll fly out!
Melia, you take Madelis with you on Hapi. I'll carry Ren on Chariz-
VENAM: M-My Pokeballs... They won't work!
MELIA: N-Neither will mine!
MADELIS: They do say spirits can tamper with technology...
MELIA: This... This is exactly what Kharon described in his diary...
MELIA: Someone a long time ago fell down here.
Kharon said he felt an ever-lasting presence, and that he felt someone was watching him.
He survived this place for three days until "something" overwhelmed him.
I think we just found out what that "something" is.
\c[6]The souls that are trapped in this cave.
MELIA: These things are all souls, right? It's the same as that girl we spoke to...
MADELIS: It IS called the Den of Souls, but...
This is a phenomenon I've never seen before today, and this is not my first trip here...
VENAM: And lemme guess... They sense life and want a piece of it.
MELIA: More or less... That would be my guess.
MADELIS: We have no Pokemon, and no way of escape...
What do we do?!
MELIA: I-I've used this power so often today...
I-I don't know how much longer I can do it, but I n-need to buy time...
VENAM: You wouldn't happen to have any clever tricks up your sleeve, right Madelis?
MADELIS: Oops, sorry, the clever trick store was fresh out today.
OF COURSE I don't have any clever tricks for a situation like this!
What do you want ME to do?!
VENAM: Weren't you just calling yourself a "Goddess"? Some Goddess you are!
MADELIS: Sorry I didn't bring my pocket God Mode button like blondie over there.
Next time I won't be so foolish.
MELIA: Guys... Please!
I...\| Can't...\| Hold this...\| I'm sorry...
VENAM & MADELIS: \|Uh oh...
<ac>No...</ac>
<ac>Someone...</ac>
<ac>Please...</ac>
<ac>SAVE US!</ac>
<ac>NIM:\ts[1]You can't have them!</ac>
MELIA: *Cough* *Cough*...
MELIA: N-Nim...
NIM: I used to pretend the souls here had no conscious thought.
So that when I drained them of their energy I wouldn't feel more like a monster.
But when I heard that girl's voice within Ren's body...
I lost everything.
There's truly... Nothing redeeming about me. A terrible blight, through and through.
MELIA: No, that's not true-
NIM: But it is true.\| I've already accepted it.
NIM: You all need to get out of here. I can help you escape.
MELIA: And let you stay down here to fend for yourself?!
NIM: Melia...
MELIA: Come with us! We can escape together!
Despite everything we've been through...\| \c[6]We still love you, Nim!
NIM: ...
I know that now.
And that's why I'm doing this.
NIM: It's me you all want, right?!
I'm the one who terrorized you all...
But I'm here now...\| I won't run away...
I'll face my destiny!
MELIA: ...!
LORNA: ...
VENAM: ...
MELIA: Nim...?!
LORNA: Wow, take a look at this group. So diverse, and eclectic too!
You've got the damsel, the ex-statue and a worn out tin can.
Did I somehow end up in the land of Oz or what?
REN: ...Rude.
VENAM: We're not here for you to throw one-liners at us. Move aside.
LORNA: Or what? You'll make me? There's no way.
VENAM: You got it, and we won't back down.
MELIA: Venam, please. It's like you said, we're not here to fight.
LORNA: Wah-wah-wah... I'm the voice of reason. So boring.
MELIA: ...Nim, we heard about your story. We know what happened to you.
LORNA: What...?
REN: Alexandra and Damien told us everything.
Storm-9, your escape from Sashila... All of it up to now.
MELIA: We are not your enemy, Nim.
LORNA: \ts[2]No... no... no... no...
No one was supposed to know any of that...
VENAM: Melia, say something to this girl to get her to calm down before I lose it.
She hurt so many people, and for what? For her to act like the victim?
I understand her troubles, but I have no sympathy for this girl.
MELIA: Venam...
NIM: She's right... I am a horrible person.
No, I'm not even human. I can't even claim that.
MELIA: Nim, we don't see you in a bad light. Even after everything, we still care about you.
NIM: I think... I'm tired of the name Lorna. I hate that name. I hate it, I hate it.
Crescent was the one who gave me that name.
I thought I was such a disgusting demon who deserved it.
Everything I've experienced since I manifested in Sashila has been hell.
MELIA: Nim, Crescent LIED to you.
The whole reason you're attacking us is based off what she said, right?
NIM: No, it's what she SHOWED me. Everyone abandoned me, except for \v[12].
MELIA: \c[6]...What she showed you?
Nim, I don't know what she showed you, but I can assure you that they are all lies.
REN: Crescent manipulated me too, Nim. She could have done the same to you.
NIM: Sh-Shut up... I don't want to hear it. I know what I saw.
I'm done holding back. I'm going all out right now.
VENAM: So dull. I expected it to go this way from the beginning.
REN: Melia, we have to fight... Please, what do you want us to do?
Fight with?\|
MELIA: Venam, please stand by for this one.
Please, just stay back on this one.
Fine.
MELIA: Ren, please assist me!
REN: Got it!
MELIA: Venam, I know you want revenge, but please don't overdo it.
Please assist me with this battle!
VENAM: Don't have to ask me twice.
MELIA: Both of you need to stand down. This is a battle I have to do alone.
REN: Understood, good luck.
I...Why did I lose again?!
NIM: Damnit... Why do I always just lose?!
And to just you? So embarrassing...
MELIA: Tch... How long are you going to keep this up?
NIM: ...As long as I feel like, Melia.
MELIA: I'm trying my hardest to give you a chance.
But if you keep attacking us, that kindness will end. Fast.
VENAM: Now you're talking my language, Melia.
MELIA: Venam, stay out of this.
I'm not threatening you, Nim. But I am warning you.
And to you two? So embarrassing...
VENAM: Oh, that felt soooo good. You should cry a little more, Nim.
\sh\c[7]NIM: Shut your mouth!
MELIA: Venam, stop it!
VENAM: This girl took so much time away from me!
She deserves to feel humiliated!
REN: Venam, you need to back off.
NIM: Let her run her mouth. It's all she's good at anyway.
I took away her ability to run anything. So it's understandable that she's so offended. Boo-hoo...
MELIA: As for you, Nim. You need to stop attacking us!
I'm trying my hardest to give you a chance.
This is your final warning.
And to the damsel and the tin-can? I resent it...
REN: Are you going to just keep this up forever?
We've done nothing to you, and you're attacking us?
Melia, \v[12], and everyone else fought for you on Terajuma Island!
Because they didn't want you to get hurt. They cherished you as a friend.
NIM: And what about you? Crescent put you in Team Xen.
Even after you found out she lied to you, you still stayed.
And you're calling me directionless?
REN: You don't know anything about me, or my reasons.
NIM: You don't know mine either.
MELIA: Nim, this is your final warning. If you attack us one more time...
NIM: Heh, you know what? I've got a warning too.
A tornado warning!
MELIA: Wh-What??
NIM: Now this is what I call a plot twist!
Let's see how you all fare down in the Den of Souls!
VENAM: Aaaaauugh!!!
REN: Gyaaahh!!!
MELIA: Aaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!
VENAM: Is it just me, or does this place feel really weird?
REN: It is a bit ominous, but other than that it seems like a normal cave.
VENAM: I dunno, I'm just getting a real strange vibe here.
Like... Maybe we're not alone?
MELIA: I think I feel that too.
Well the more the merrier, right?
REN: Not really a partier, but we could use some company here or there.
MELIA: I agree!
VENAM: Anyway, let's keep going. The Rotom phone is still pointing downwards.
We probably have a long way to go.
REN: Roger.
MADELIS: Have you ever met Neved's little girl?
CASSANDRA: ...?
MADELIS: She's a little girl who has a rare disease.
She's currently being treated for it at the Hospital of Hope.
CASSANDRA: So?
MADELIS: You wanted to know who, or what changed me, right?
It was that same little girl, Franchesca.
CASSANDRA: A sick child changed you? Am I hearing that correctly?
MADELIS: I discovered her by mistake, but ever since then she's been begging me to visit her when I had time.
On my off time, I decided to do so.
During these sessions she'd tell me all about her hopes and dreams she wants to accomplish once she's better.
Her words and personality were sincere, if not naive due to her age.
She always had other people in mind. I had to force a smile through every session because...
I knew what I was working towards would take all that away from her.
CASSANDRA: And? I don't understand how this is different.
MADELIS: Well, it turns out Neved and I joined Team Xen for the exact same reason.
For Neved it was to save his daughter. For me it was to save Lisbeth.
CASSANDRA: Your sister?
MADELIS: I convinced myself early on that the atrocities I committed would be to save her life.
I acted with a grim smile when I conducted my experiments and took lives from people.
Self-righteousness blinded me. A path of no return.
I never even asked myself if this is what Lisbeth would even want.
At the end of the day I realized what I was doing wasn't truly for Lisbeth at all.
It was for me and my selfish reasons. It's always been that.
CASSANDRA: So you aren't happy with the underlying true intentions of your actions?
That's easy. We just need to find something to solidify your stance on things again.
GRUNT: I'm sorry to interrupt, Ma'am, but Melia and the others are on their way here right now.
CASSANDRA: Enough of the sob story, Madelis.
We'll grab that photo, win this battle, and head back to HQ with Melia.
It'll all end with this.
MADELIS: ...
Ren
Venam
Alone
[Map127]
ERIN: Took you guys long enough, I thought I was gonna alone out here.
MELIA: ...
ERIN: ...Is there something wrong?
MELIA: Erin, what would you do in this situation?
Would you save one person you... loved deeply, or would you sacrifice them to save millions?
ERIN: Easy, I'd sacrifice the one I love.
MELIA: ...Really? Is there really no other option?
ERIN: It's a terrible scenario and both options suck, but the greater good is what matters most, right?
But on the other hand the blood of one can stain your hands just as bad as the blood of many.
Is there such thing as a definitive answer for such a question? I'm gonna go ahead and say no.
???: An interesting interpretation.
AELITA: Vivian!
VIVIAN: Although one could interpret such a question that way, I personally disagree.
The lives of many is what matters most. They carry on the will of the dead.
ERIN: And that's a perfectly valid answer.
I still believe it's something that can't be answered, though.
VIVIAN: Heheh... So I guess we'll leave it at that.
Welcome to Sheridan Village everyone.\| Please, this way.
AELITA: Guess you're leaving then?
ANJU: I'm on my way to Hiyoshi City to meet with Nymiera.
I wish I could go home to my son, but... This seems to be urgent.
Until we meet again, everyone. This is farewell.
ERIN: There she goes.
We should start heading back now as well.
MELIA: You guys go on ahead. There's someplace I'd like to visit before then.
\PN, do you mind coming with me?
ERIN: Alright, we'll head back. Come on, Aelita.
MELIA: Sorry, this will only take a sec.
AELITA: Okay, we're going to start. You ready to do this?
AELITA: Alright, let's get this done then.
MELIA: Erin's going to sit this one out. She isn't feeling well.
CELLA: Okay, that's fine. Frankly, just two other people are needed for this endeavor.
Let's get things set up. Anju is almost out of talking material...
VIVIAN: Oh for the love of...\| AGAIN?
ANJU: Vivian, don't make such a fuss! Wait for me!
CELLA: Now's our chance! We've only got a few minutes to find this thing!
AELITA: Make up your mind and come back.
AELITA: Who is that?
???: Oh, heavenly light... It seems as though new people have arrived!
???: Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Anju. I am the President of Angel's Ice and caretaker of Kristiline Town.
Also a friend of Vivian, if that wasn't obvious already.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
ANJU: Oh? Have you heard of me? Angie is the name the people of Kristiline call me.
But that's a more formal title, please, refer to me as Anju. A humble friend.
VIVIAN: I'm not sure if humble is the word I'd use, but that's fine.
ANJU: Being humble doesn't always mean living with the bare minimum, Vivian.
One can be humble in personality, and nature too.
VIVIAN: Whatever helps you sleep at night, I guess.
ANJU: I sleep quite soundly, at that.
ANJU: Ohohoh, you flatter me. Vivian finally found friends that aren't so serious.
(Could've done without the pun, though...)
VIVIAN: I detest that statement. I am plenty funny.
Just the other day I stepped on a mushroom and then I wiped it off my shoes.
ANJU: ...And?
VIVIAN: What? That's it.
ANJU: ...Never-mind, Vivian. Never-mind.
VIVIAN: Anyway, I suppose today is the day of guests.
If you're all going to be here, then I should better get the kettle on.
AELITA: I love tea! Do you mind if I help you out?
VIVIAN: The more the merrier. Please, join me.
ANJU: If anyone is interested in cold brew, I'm sure I could whip something up as well~.
MELIA: ...\|
MELIA: Um, I'm okay... Thanks for asking though...
ERIN: You're a terrible liar, you know?
MELIA: I'll tell you about it later. Right now I need to... process things.
ERIN: Hm... Suit yourself. I'm going to get some cold brew from Anju.
MELIA: Tea does sound nice right about now. I could use it.
ERIN: I'm more of a coffee person, but tea is perfect for the right occasion.
MELIA: Let's go relax ourselves with some of that then.
What's Vivian doing up at this hour?
MELIA: What you've done is unforgivable! You won't get away with this!
GARDEVOIR: I'm afraid I've already gotten away with it.
Do your part and wait for the end to come to fruition.
Be a part of my Master's new world!
MELIA: \PN, let's take her down.
GARDEVOIR: \PN your friends are just as troublesome as you are...
I had wished our next meeting and battle would be more personal, but...
Die.
ERIN: Sorry, but Psychic moves don't affect Dark-types.
You should know that.
MELIA: Erin!
ERIN: I've been feeling a bit better. Decided to take a walk.
AELITA: I'll been feeling better too...
But something about this Pokemon is making me feel a tad bit upset...
GARDEVOIR: Looks like \PN has a whole entourage...
Very well then...
Using the power Master gave seems to be necessary.
GARDEVOIR: This wretched town has nothing left for it anyway!
ERIN: We're ready.
AELITA: That's right, we--
AELITA: Um...? What's that on the ground?
MELIA: ...!
It can't be!
Everyone, turn around immediately!
Don't ask questions, just do it!
MIMIKYU: C-Curse.... you....
GARDEVOIR: ...?
<ac>M-ME CURSE YOU!</ac>
GARDEVOIR: Gr-rhaah!
GARDEVOIR: A-Agh...! I've been cursed?!
...I'll retreat for now, but mark my words, our next meeting won't go so fortiously for you...
MIMIKYU: Mimi!
MELIA: I can't believe Mimikyu followed us back to this world...
ERIN: Back to this world? What are you talking about?
MELIA: Well, it's sort of a long story.
AELITA: Tch... That Gardevoir fled. We didn't need Mimikyu's help.
We were gonna beat her up and you scared it away!
MIMIKYU: Me... Curse... You!
\shAELITA: I'm already cursed, you rat!
MELIA: ...Glad to see you're back to normal now too, Aelita.
CELLA: Someone, help!
MELIA: Oh no...
CELLA: Please, Anju! You have to help her!
ANJU: I'm doing everything I can, but...
Maybe if I use the last bit of my crystal...
VIVIAN: ...There's... No need.
CELLA: Vivian!
VIVIAN: The spell was interrupted, but it still went through...
There will be consequences for this, but... Perhaps it's worth it.
CELLA: C-Consequences? What do you mean?
VIVIAN: Hahaha...
I bet she's laughing at me... Thinking I've lost, but I'm the last one laughing...
Cella, can you make me a promise?
Don't let me dabble with Garufan magic ever again, okay?
CELLA: I...\| I promise! Vivian I promise you!
VIVIAN: Anju... Cella...\| Thanks for being there for me...
CELLA: Vivian...
ANJU: It was wonderful to know you, Vivian...
May your trip to the afterlife be pleasant. I'm sorry it had to end this way.
AELITA: ...
MELIA: She sacrificed everything so that we would be okay.
That's something I'll always admire.
CELLA: Thank you for your kind words...
I don't know what I'll do without her now. She was all I had left...
ANJU: Well, we--
MELIA: What is this??
CELLA: I-I don't know!
ANJU: This light...
MELIA: H-Huh??
ANJU: What is...
CELLA: V-Vivian?
???: That's not my name!
ANJU: Dear, what is your name then? Can you tell us that?
???: My name... My name is Taelia!
AELITA: D-Did you just say Taelia?!
ANJU: So you are not Vivian, but Taelia?
TAELIA: Yes ma'am!
ANJU: ...I think I'm beginning to understand what's going on here.
ERIN: Vivian said there were going to be consequences for her spell being interrupted.
Is it possible that her consequence is...
ANJU: Being reincarnated.
\shMELIA: Wh-What??
ANJU: It's equivalent exchange. What is taken must be given back at equal value.
Vivian sacrificed her life, but because her spell was interrupted, it resulted in this...
I would imagine that the spell she cast may be weaker as a result, too...
CELLA: So does that mean that the disaster she was trying to prevent will still happen?
ANJU: To an extent, perhaps.
CELLA: Wh-What am I going to do? I can't look after a child while going through what seems to be the end of the world!
MELIA: It's not the end of the world. We're living proof of that.
CELLA: You all...
ANJU: But as further insurance, allow me to give you this.
CELLA: What is this?
ANJU: My very own Preservation Crystal.
When this crystal is destroyed, my power will be released.
Use it when you and Taelia are in any grave danger. It will encase you in ice for 24 hours.
CELLA: Anju... Thank you so much.
CELLA: Everyone, I'm sorry to bother you, but...
Can we do one last thing for Vivian?
ANJU: Ah, the old Sheridan tradition.
When a soul departs, the bell is rang three times to allow it safe passage to Heaven.
CELLA: After everything she's been through, I hope this eases her spirit.
This was also for my fianc. Who has also passed on recently.
ANJU: You've been through much hardship, Cella.
I admire your strength to keep through all of this.
CELLA: Thank you, but this is nothing to admire. I'm just doing this for the ones I love is all.
CELLA: So, that catastrophe... It's going to happen, huh?
MELIA: It will, and soon.
CELLA: I see... I guess I should start preparing for that.
As for the rest of you... I assume you'll all be heading home now.
ANJU: I need to inform Nymiera on what's happened, and what will happen.
And if this catastrophe is to happen soon, then I'll need to make my way there immediately.
AELITA: I think it's time we head home too. I've learned what I needed to here, so...
MELIA: ...?
CELLA: I understand.
Oh, and I wanted to apologize for getting upset with you all earlier.
Emotions can run high, as you saw.
MELIA: You were only trying to protect Vivian. There's no bad blood here.
CELLA: Thank you... And this time I will protect her. Taelia will be safe with me.
Farewell, everyone. Please don't forget about us.
???:\c[6] When one decides to avoid their fate, they may find themselves in a situation too great~.
\c[6]A prison of ice, should that suffice? If one should wait, it may be too late.
Sounds like someone is singing...
MELIA: What you've done is unforgiveable! You won't get away with this!
I'll retreat for now, but next time it won't go this way!
\sh]AELITA: I'm already cursed, you rat!
"Sheridan Guest House."
This is a healthy looking Payapa Berry Tree!
"Vivian's House."
What are we supposed to do now? Things aren't looking good for us.
This is a healthy looking Qualot Berry Tree!
MELIA: It... It worked!
\sh\c[7]Holy shit. Holy fuck. Goddamnit shit, fuck, holy goddang shit!!!
\PN!
MELIA: \PN, we did it! We really did it!
We're home! We're finally home!
MELIA: Sweet blue sky... Sweet reprise... There's nothing like this feeling.
I've never noticed how soft the grass is here, \PN...
MELIA: Th-There's no time to celebrate just yet. We can still fail this!
We have to do everything we can to prevent that future...
We have to hurry!
"Cella's House."
I wonder what's the monetary value of the housing around here now?
I mean... no one lives here anymore. They can't be that expensive?
...?
It's a cherry blossom sapling...
Chop it down?
A new timeline has been created. This action has affected the future.
You left the Cherry Blossom alone.
This Cherry Blossom has been cut down.
There are seeds from this tree on the ground. Replant them?
This is a healthy looking Watmel Berry Tree!
"Heracross Woods."
Excuse me, but we're in the middle of a conversation...
Yeah
Uh...
Angie?!
T'was an ice introduction
You okay?
Ready for tea?!
Yes
No
[Map128]
MELIA: Things were quiet outside. I can only hope that means everything's settled and ready to go.
AELITA: Even if it isn't... Can we risk not leaving immediately?
MELIA: I don't think so.
???: Oh thank the heavens, you all made it out alright!
MOM: Everyone's already on the ship. We're ready to go whenever.
NIM: Don't have to tell me twice!
AELITA: Nim, wait up!
MOM: Who's this I wonder?
MELIA: ...
MOM: I wonder, is this Melia? The name Emma told me was her true name?
MELIA: H-Hello, turns out I was hiding more than just my name.
MOM: No need to worry. I figured you were-
MELIA: No...
MOM: What was that?
MELIA: We need to go, now!
MOM: What's going on??
MELIA: It's Madame X! She wasn't supposed to arrive yet, but...
MOM: Madame X...
No, she won't just let us leave. Not without...
MOM: \PN, Melia... Please get yourselves on the ship.
When you do, tell Augustus to get everyone out here immediately.
MELIA: Wh-What?! We can all escape if we just leave right now!
MOM: No, she'll follow us to the ends of the earth if she gets the chance.
I won't give her that chance.
MOM: It'll be okay. I'll just distract her for a while.
I'll find my way on the ship after you all are safe. Trust in me and my Pokemon.
MOM: I know it's scary, but it has to be done.
MOM: I understand your feelings, but I've made my decision.
I'll be back before you know it, okay?
MELIA: I don't like this! Please just come with us!
MOM: Remember what we discussed before, Melia?
It's time.
But... I just... I don't know if I...
\PN... I understand how you feel, but we can't stay here any longer.
Your mother has made up her mind. She'll stand her ground here.
\PN: ...
MADAMEX: Hmph. This is what they've left behind?
This souless disgrace?
MOM: I know you didn't just come here to talk.
Madame X.\| I won't let you leave these docks!
Sylveon!
MADAMEX: And you expect this to hold me?
MOM: Of course not, but it'll buy the time I need to get everyone off this horrible island.
MADAMEX: A challenge well accepted.
Sylveon's Reflect is strong. We've trained in secret deep below the castle.
All for this moment where I would sacrifice everything for \PN.
Because my love for them for exceeds my fear of you.
MADAMEX: Fear has completely left, you say?\| That's utter nonsense.
Even when someone makes the ultimate sacrifice, fear riddles a person to their core.
That is because fear is what drives humans to survive.
Without it, we'd be nothing but souls lost to the wind.
Even now, when I shatter your pitiful barrier. With each crack, a shiver is sent throughout your soon to be lifeless corpse!
MOM: I don't... want to die!
MADAMEX: ...?
HAPI: Toge!
MELIA: Yes! That's right, Hapi! We won't let Nancy die here.
Buy her as much time and bring her to us!
HAPI: Togrriii!!
MOM: I'm almost there... Just a few more steps...
I've done everything I could for them. \PN...
I want you to be happy above all else. I thought this was because of\c[6] her...
But I realize that it's because of me. This is what I want.
MOM:\ts[1] \PN... This... Is what's best... For you.
\ts[1]Goodbye.
AELITA: \PN!
MELIA: Oh no... Let's bring \PN inside!
Nancy... I'm sorry.
MADAMEX: This is the reality of your existence. Domination and fear reigns supreme.
Childish things such as "love" has no bearing over raw strength.
However, there is something to be said about resolve.
Although futile, I must say that I'm impressed.
There's no point in chasing. Our paths will cross again.
But know that your doom has already been written.
The game has been set, and I've already won.
One week later. On the Xen Battleship...
ADAM: So... how long are we going to just let them sit there?
VALARIE: I don't know... They didn't seem interested in speaking to any of us before...
BRAIXEN: \PN only comes out when it's time to eat and then quickly go back into isolation.
I don't know what's going through their head, but it can't be good after... you know...
ADAM: You guys think too much. I'll be right back.
Childish things such as "love" have no bearing over raw strength.
GUARD: We've brought the two that were snooping around Akuwa Town, Sir!
???: Is that so?
???: Looks like it's just two children.\| Wrong place. Wrong time.
AELITA: What's going on here?! Why have you brought us to this island?!
???: How impolite of me, I should've introduced myself first.
My name is Neved. I am the Warden of Blacksteeple Castle.
The place where you two will be living the rest of your days.
AELITA: Wh-What? Live? Here? You must be joking!
I'm not going to live here forever!
NEVED: You don't have a choice, young lady. You're powerless here, you see.
I'd explain, but I'm sure you'll learn for yourself quite soon.
NEVED: Hm... You look familiar. Have we met before?
AELITA: Me? If you've been in Sheridan Village, then maybe...
NEVED: ...Did you just say Sheridan? That's where Keta used to live...
Now I remember... You're Keta's daughter, aren't you? Little Aelita.
AELITA: You knew Keta...?
NEVED: It doesn't matter. Guards, bring them to their cells.
GUARDS: Yes, Warden Neved.
EMMA: It's still here, thank goodness... I should make my way to the control room.
EMMA: This must be the control room's main interface.
EMMA: Oh for... Of course it needs a key.
I believe this ship belongs to Neved. I doubt he'd just leave the key to his vessel on board.
It's either on him, or in his quarters.
Sigh...
EMMA: Neved's room is on the third floor. He usually stays up late and stands at the pinnacle of the castle.
Maybe I can get away with snooping around a bit.
GUARD: What's going on?
GUARD2: We've picked something up on our radars.
Whatever it is, it's drifting in right now.
GUARD: There, I can see it!
GUARD: What the...? There's someone floating on top of a Wailmer!
GUARD2: At this time of night? During a blizzard? This person must be mad...
GUARD: If they're even still alive.
GUARD2: Let's bring them to the Warden. He'll know what to do.
You can't!
But...
I won't allow it!
[Map129]
MISDREAVUS: Dreevus!
CAIRO: Hah, and here I thought the damage would be more severe.
This should be nothing for my own Pokemon.
Excadrill, let's clear this up. Shall we?
EXCADRILL: Excadra!
\sh\c[7]CAIRO: Hah! The deed is done!
Evildoers will not survive in the wake of silver!
CAIRO: Excadrill, return. Thank you for your duty.
BETH: Thanks, mister! Please take a complimentary MooMoo Milk from me.
CAIRO: A-Ah, yes. Thank you, girl. Now, go on.
CAIRO: Milk is ghastly. I reject its existence.
NIM: Thank you for your help, Cairo!
CAIRO: Yes, yes. By the way, I have a small home just north of here.
If you're interested more in Rift Dens, please make your way there.
Until then... I bid thee farewell.
NIM: Yes! Now that that's outta the way! Let's keep on goin'!
FLABEBE: Beb!
"Adventurer's Cliff
HOOTHOOT: Snzz....
RANGER: I've always seen wild Pidove run by this bridge during the day.
Wonder where they go sleep when the night comes?
RANGER: Phew, that was a walk... But I gotta keep going!
RANGER: Just starting my patrol, stranger.
RANGER: Just doing patrol, stranger. No need to be alarmed.
LASS: Is this your first time to Route 4? Oh, that's so cute!
NIM: I've been here before, but this is \PN's first time here!
LASS: Then let me give you a warm welcome!
Ooh! I didn't expect that...
So strong...
TEDDIE: A girl told me there was a place around here, but I can't find it!
Send them to the Lost Camp?
TEDDIE: Ohhh it's that way...
Bye trainer!
Someone please find me...
Hello! Nice job getting this far. Please take this.
RANGER: That's all I have for today. Try finding me again sometime!
The Den is empty and stagnant.
Throw a Rift Fragment down into the Den?
\PN threw a Rift Fragment down into the Den!
The Den became activated!
\PN got 500 Red Essence!
\PN got 250 Red Essence!
\PN got 1000 Red Essence!
PIDOVE: Chirp!
RANGER: It's not easy getting this far. Good job on that one!
Please take this as a token of our friendship!
BETH: Howdy! Hey, aren't you that \PN character I met down in Sheridan?
I flew on by this Route to look for ingredients, but it seems like I've been cut off of Akuwa Town by this here landslide!
NIM: Landslide...?
I just passed by here and that was definitely not there before.
BETH: That's because it just happened! Nearly took my head right off!
But as of right now, we're sorta stuck here.
???: Howdy, the name's Beth! Nice to meetcha!
If you're headin' onto Akuwa Town's path, you're fresh outta luck, friend.
Was there myself until this here landslide almost took my head right clean off!
I'm a cowgirl livin' in the Terrial Region of Aevium.
What's your name?
...\PN, huh? Well I won't forget you, no sir.
In fact, take this as a sample!
NIM: Um... Wasn't Aelita heading this way?
Oh no... What if she was crushed by the falling boulders?!
\sh\c[7]AELITA!!!
BETH: N-Now, now... Let's calm down! There was no one here when the landslide happened!
Everything's fine! We just need someone to clear this way!
NIM: Oh, haha. Well, that's good.
BETH: I heard there was some guy who overlooks this reservoir.
He'll probably know how to deal with this right properly!
NIM: Okay \PN! Let's go look for that guy! Shouldn't be hard, right?
BETH: There was some guy who was said to overlook this reservoir.
If anyone knew how to deal with this, it'd be him!
BETH: You found him! Thank goodness! We can all make our way to Akuwa Town now.
Route 4 seems to have changed today!
Yes
No
[Map130]
NIM: Hey, \PN! Take a look at that!
NIM: That thing looks kinda cool... What if there's treasure inside?
I wanna take a quick look at it!
CUBONE: Cyubo!
\sh\c[7]???: Don't touch that!
???: Reckless children always meet an early demise.
NIM: S-Sorry sir! We weren't doing anything weird!
???: You shouldn't mess with things you don't understand.
Denizens of light shouldn't go near the shadows. Lest they become consumed.
NIM: ...Consumed? You mean, like, eating a Gourmet Treat?
???: Bahaha, if that's what helps you understand. Then precisely.
My name is Cairo. I reside here in the Route 4 Reservoir.
NIM: Hi! I'm Nim and reside wherever is warm at night.
This is my friend, \PN. They reside... In their residence.
CAIRO: Is that so? Hmph!
Do you know what you've stumbled into here?
NIM: Um... a hole in the ground?
CAIRO: Not just a hole in the ground, this is a Rift Den.
Team Xen conducted experiments in this area with Shadow Pokemon.
The Dens they left behind are still functional, and local Pokemon tend to fall into it.
Lost forever to the void.
And they re-emerge as darkened beasts that can only be slain by silver.
NIM: That's horrible...
CAIRO: It's why I've come to Route 4 in the first place.
My duty is hunt those that hide in the darkness.
With a blade pure with silver... Evil shall not reign.
NIM: O-Oh...
CAIRO: Please, take this.
NIM: What's this do?
CAIRO: Plunging this stone into these Dens will cause them to activate.
A Shadow Pokemon will appear and challenge you to a battle.
\c[6]You will be able to capture this Pokemon when its HP falls below 25%.
NIM: Um, that's interesting I guess...
CAIRO: You there, girl...
NIM: Y-Yes...?
CAIRO: ...No, it's nothing. I must be mistaken.
NIM: ...
A-Anyway, you said you reside here, yes? Which means you look after it?
CAIRO: I would like to call this place home, yes.
NIM: In that case, there was a landslide on the path to Akuwa Town.
We were actually looking for someone to clear the path way.
CAIRO: I can accomplish such a task. Leave it to me.
You two just stay out of trouble from now on, yes?
NIM: Yes sir!
NIM: Man, what a scary guy... But at least he's helpin' us out!
We also learned about what this thing in the ground was.
He gave us a Rift Fragment to use here. Maybe we should try it out?
If not, we should get on going. Akuwa Town is um... Yeah!
Yeah! Let's go, \PN!
The Den is empty and stagnant.
Throw a Rift Fragment down into the Den?
\PN threw a Rift Fragment down into the Den!
The Den became activated!
\PN got 500 Red Essence!
\PN got 250 Red Essence!
\PN got 1000 Red Essence!
This area is closed off due to earthquakes caving in some of the path.
Please come back later.
Route 4 seems to have changed today!
Wow, it's interesting to see new people on Route 4.
Don't worry, I'll send you home very quickly.
Rude! So rude!
Yes
No
[Map131]
VIVIAN: Still you all persist? I am asking for you all to leave immediately.
CELLA: Vivian, we're not going to let you do this to yourself!
VIVIAN: In a way, I suppose I cannot blame you all for your ignorance.
You all just want to help, and I...
I appreciate it, but this is beyond what you all can do.
ANJU: You keep saying that, but you refuse to explain to us why that is.
That's all I'm asking for. An explanation.
VIVIAN: ...
A great calamity will begin soon. That's what the Earth tells me.
A disaster that no one will be able to escape.
(MELIA: She must be referring to... Storm-9!)
VIVIAN: But with the power gifted to me, I can change fate!
And that's exactly what I intend!
VIVIAN: Lend me your strength...!
AELITA: ...What is that?!
MELIA: I've read about that Pokemon... That's a Regirock!
A being made entirely of rock. No brain or heart exists within it!
ANJU: ...To summon your golem like this. You mean nothing short of business.
Fine then. If that's how it's going to be.
Everyone, follow Vivian.
I will take care of the Regirock.
CELLA: Understood... Good luck, Anju.
ANJU: Ahah... Thank you, but I don't need it.
MELIA: Let's move guys!
ANJU: You weren't the only one blessed with divine power.
Let's just see what your golem is capable of!
ANJU: Let's begin.
AELITA: Urgh...
MELIA: Aelita? Are you alright?
AELITA: I... I feel heavy. I don't think I should keep going like this.
MELIA: Please, rest here. \PN and I can handle things from here, okay?
AELITA: O-Okay... I'll just rest for a little while. I'll be back soon.
MELIA: C'mon, \PN. We gotta hurry!
(MELIA: She must be referring to...\| Storm-9!)
REGIROCK: Un Un Un...!
REGICE: Regiiiicee!
Vivian's clothes seem to be hung up here...
Vivian's white robe seems to be hung up here...
Confront Vivian? Make sure you've got everything done before entering!
Better not disturb her...
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
VIVIAN: ...And on the 100th night, I purify my body for the 100th time.
I give my body, I give my soul, I give my mind to you.
May Arceus' guiding light shine upon me.
VIVIAN: I've prayed here for 100 days, and 100 nights.
You have blessed me with this Spring of Purification, and you have given me the ability to hear the Earth.
...And with that ability, I've heard the Earth reach out to warn me about the future.
This planet, it's inhabitants, and the world itself...
Something unspeakable is about to happen to this world.
We reach out to you, oh Lord Arceus... But you ignore our call?
Everyone I could ever hope to love are in danger and there is no sign from you whatsoever.
\c[6]For months now, there's been someone watching me.
But I know for a fact that it's not you.
...Damn you.
I suppose there's no longer any point to my devotion to you.
You've blessed me, Anju, Hazuki and Nymiera with all these gifts but...
\c[6]We're... In a world that God has abandoned.
Not even my tears can ease the pain this time.
Fine then, I know what I must do. What I must do to save this world.
VIVIAN: ...I know you were listening, \PN. I could feel your presence.
VIVIAN: Could you come here for a moment, please?
VIVIAN: Please forgive the question, but...
What is the most important thing in your life?
VIVIAN: Your friends... Friendship is indeed important.
My friends, Cella, Anju, Hazuki, and Nymiera... They're all I have in this life.
VIVIAN: Your family... I see... Family is a tricky one for me.
My entire family was wiped out when I was very young.
After that, I wandered around Aevium. That was until Lady Nymiera found me.
She truly is a mother to us all.
VIVIAN: You value your own life over others?
That is a natural instinct... But perhaps you should learn some more compassion and empathy.
VIVIAN: You are uncertain? Do not worry. What's important to you will become very clear one day.
\PN...
Would you sacrifice your life for the sake of others? The ones you love?
VIVIAN: Ah... That's a noble answer, \PN.
There's something I cannot explain. I can feel the very presence of every living being around me.
For a couple of years now, I've felt new presences pop up suddenly around Kugearen and Amberette Town.
And most recently, I felt the presence of 5 people appear suddenly on Route 4.
And when I went to go investigate, what would I find but your group?
Which consists of four members... Strange... isn't it?
VIVIAN: The sun will rise soon. You should go back to bed.
And a word of advice... I think once tomorrow comes, you and your friends should leave.
Wherever you all came from... return to it. This region's days are numbered.
\ts[1]The next morning...
MELIA:\ts[1] ...\|
MELIA: Y-Yeah, I'm fine. I just feel a little weird.
Not sick or anything... Just a tad bit unsettled.
I was just thinking about what Vivian said she sensed.
I think she was talking about Storm-9. The calamity that tore the region apart...
MELIA: Well, I was just thinking... About Vivian and her premonition.
I think what she senses is actually Storm-9. Remember what the hags said?
A calamity that tore the region apart...
MELIA: U-Uh? What's the rush? We don't need to leave right away...
Besides, there's something that's bugging me real bad.
We know from our time that it happened. What if Vivian could have prevented this?
What if we just made a grave mistake? Something feels off and I can't shake it...
AELITA: \ts[1]Aaaaghhhh!!
MELIA: That was Aelita! What's going on??
We have to go check on her!
MELIA: Aelita, are you okay?! What's going on?
AELITA:\c[6] She's there... She's there staring at me...
No, it wasn't supposed to go this way... I won't let you take me!
MELIA: Aelita...\| There's no one there...\| What's happening?
AELITA: No... No, you can't have me...\| YOU CAN'T HAVE ME!
\ts[1]AAAAAGHHHH!
MELIA:\ts[1] Aelita...!\| Aelita is...
CELLA: Melia!!! \PN!!
CELLA: C-Come quick! I was checking in on Erin and she...\| she...
She turned all dark and then disappeared right in front of me!
MELIA: No...
CELLA: She was screaming hysterically at me. Something about being stared at...
What is going on here?
MELIA: What's...\| Going...\| On??
MELIA: ...!
MELIA: \PN...
AELITA: I'll... I'll be okay. You guys go on ahead. I just need a breather.
AELITA: Wh... \PN, you too?
How did you and Melia get behind me like that?
...I dunno if it's just the shock of that, but I feel so much better already!
Still can't move much, though... Please, go save Vivian!
Yes
No
My friends
My family
Myself
I'm not sure
You okay?
What's up?
Can we leave now?
[Map132]
Route 4 seems to have changed today!
[Map133]
[Map134]
FLETCHLING: Fletchi!
Fletchling laughs at \PN for running away.
DRAGONITE: Dwago...!
It looks like Dragonite is looking frantically for something...
DRAGONITE: Dwagoo!
Dragonite seems to be pointing at its mail bag.
It looks like Dragonite lost some of its deliveries...
Help Dragonite look for the missing deliveries?
Dragonite looks pleased!
DRAGONITE: Dwago...
Dragonite looks pretty disappointed.
\PN handed Dragonite the letters he dropped.
DRAGONITE: Dwago!
Dragonite looks really thankful!
Dragonite flew off!
Dragonite holds up three claws. Maybe there are three letters?
CAPTAIN: This boat is bound for the Coral Ward, Reborn City.
But these are for official Reborn representatives. Ordinary trainers are not allowed to board.
"Oceana Pier Ferry Terminal closed temporarily! Come back later!"
\PN found one of Dragonite's letters!
That's all of Dragonite's missing deliveries!
Ah, this place leaves a beautiful mark upon all of humanity.
A symbol of hope created by the union of mankind. What a delightful result!
"Ferry Terminal."
Greetings! Say, do you happen to have a Rockruff?
How about trading it for my own Rockruff? Mine has a secret ability...
I see... I guess that's fine.
Thank you! Let's get started!
\PN traded Rockruff for Rockruff!
Excellent! Thank you!
Thank you for trading with me!
"Gearen City"
LIEPARD: Meoww!
Locked.
Did you visit the dock? It looks like a boat from another region is here...
But that symbol... Isn't that symbol from...?
???: Huh? What do you want from me?
???: I see... You're here for that cargo we stole.
Hey, you know what? I think you comin' down here and shoutin' at me has really shown me the light.
I'm definitely a changed man now. Honest!
So changed, that I've decided to lead you to everything we took.
???: Right this way!
Yes
No
[Map135]
It's a strange statue of a Pokemon...
Touch the statue?
\PN touched the statue!
ZORUA: Rooa!!
You left the statue alone.
Yes
No
[Map136]
MARIA: H-How... I give up.
MARIA: More and more books!
MARIA: Advanced Calculus...
Oh, this is easy stuff!
Mommy and I went through all of these books already. We need more books!
MARIA: ... What was that...?
MARIA: Mom?!
Mommy?
MARIA: This one has dad's handwriting in it. I wonder what he's writing about?
MARIA: No time to sit! It's time to get going on an adventure!
Skip the prologue?
???: Can you tell me the story about the Zorua and the Pangoro again, Mommy?
???: Haha. All right, I will.
There once was a lonely Zorua living deep in the darkest forests.
He was a mischievous one. Transforming into other Pokemon and beings that lived around.
He would often use this ability to trick others into handing over food, or using their homes to sleep in.
Because of this, he didn't have many friends. I'm sure you can piece together why?
But one day this changed when Zorua met a powerful Pokemon called "Pangoro".
They were fighting over a rare and coveted golden apple.
Many hours later their fight came to an end and no victor was revealed.
They knew they were evenly matched. One could not take out the other.
With both staring at each other intensely, they knew that they were destined for friendship.
The two became quick companions. They were two peas in a pod, if you will.
They travelled the world together. Overcame hardships. Went on thrilling adventures...
Life was good for the two of them... until one day Zorua went too far.
Zorua planned a devious prank on Pangoro.
"I shall transform into Pangoro's fallen mother. That would surely give him a spook!", Zorua said.
"It'll be my best prank yet!", Zorua said.
So while Pangoro left to find food, Zorua put his malicious plan into action.
When Pangoro returned home he was greeted with the sight of his dead mother.
Paralyzed with a mixture of extreme emotions, Pangoro dropped his collection of food onto the ground.
In that collection of food was...
???: A golden apple!
???: Haha, yes. That's right. A golden apple.
When Zorua saw this, he transformed back into his normal state, looked down at the food and said...
"Hey! Where did you find this golden apple? It looks fresh and incredibly delicious!"
Zorua raised his head to see a face filled with fury, sadness, but most importantly, disappointment.
Zorua quickly realized that he hurt Pangoro very deeply and tried to apologize.
But Pangoro wouldn't hear any of it and immediately ran into the forest.
Shaken and worried, Zorua ran after him, but Pangoro was nowhere to be found.
Zorua realized that he repelled his only friend with his selfishness.
And Zorua became lonely once more.
Sleep tight.
Maria.
MARIA: ...
*Yaaawnnnnnnn*
MARIA: Morning already? Better get up!
MARIA: I'm... not allowed down here.
B-But maybe it wouldn't hurt to just take a quick peek?
MARIA: Adventure here I come!
MARIA: Daddy said no and no means no!
MARIA: Ooh... The pictures are pretty in this book!
"The Tale of the Lonely Zorua".
MARIA: This is a picture of me and my family!
I love this so much! I remember when we did this...
MOM: Is there something the matter, dear?
Go fetch your father for me, please? You know he doesn't like his eggs to be cold.
MARIA: Hehe!
MOM: You're such a silly child, Maria!
Now go on now, okay?
MARIA: Okay!
MARIA: Dad said that he'll be right out!
MOM: Did he now? Well, there's no use in rushing him, I guess.
You should go upstairs and freshen up. I'll have your breakfast ready by then.
MARIA: Okay, and then we get to play outside afterwards, right?
MOM: Of course!
Now go on, Maria. I'll be waiting for you down here.
MARIA: I'm going right now!
MOM: Go get freshened up now, Maria. Your food will also get cold if you wait.
MARIA: Okay, I'm going!
DAD: Ah, Marian-... Maria. How are you doing?
MARIA: Mom said breakfast is ready so get your butt out of this room and have good food!
DAD: I do love your mother's cooking.
All right, I'll be out in a few moments.
Go tell your mother that, y'hear?
DAD: I'll be out in a minute, Maria. Tell that to your mother, okay?
MARIA: Mommy!!
MARIA: What are you doing to mommy?! Mommy wake up!
Mommy wake up! Mommy wake up!
Daddy get out of the way! Get out!
Why won't you say anything to me?!
Why?!
???: Marianette, your father wishes to see you now.
MARIA: What... are you talking about?
MARIA: What are you doing?!
???: Marianette.
Marianette!
MARIA: Mommy, I'm up! I'm up!
???: Ah, good morning Maria! Did you sleep well?
I'm preparing breakfast right now. Do you mind fetching your father?
He's working in his study.
Don't take too long! I don't want his food to get cold.
MARIA: You can count on me, Mommy!
MARIA: What does this do?
DAD: Maria, don't mess with my computer. Okay?
MARIA: Okay, sorry!
MARIA: The computer is off now...
MARIA: "Ar-...Arce-"
DAD: Maria, please put that book down.
MARIA: Sorry!
MARIA: I think I'll get yelled at if I touch these again...
MOM: Maria? Where are you going?
We can play outside later, okay? Right now it's time for some breakfast.
MARIA: Pinky promise?
MOM: Pinky promise!
MARIA: Hehe, okay!
MARIA: I probably shouldn't go this way...
MARIA: Mommy??
MARIA: Mom-
MARIA: Who... are you?
???: How many times?
MARIA: Wh-what...?
???: How many times are you going to make this little girl suffer?
How many times are you willing to put her through this chaos?!
MARIA: I.. I'm... I don't know what you're talking about...
???: I'm not talking to you.
MARIA: O-oh... well, do... you know where my parents are?
???: ...
They're downstairs.
MARIA: Oh...! Okay, well... I'm going to go to them now.
???: Maria.
MARIA: Yes...?
???: No matter what happens. Don't you dare lose hope.
Don't lose who you are and don't you dare forget what's about to happen. You understand?
MARIA: Y-Yes, I understand!
???: Good. Go to them now. They're waiting.
MARIA: O-okay!
MARIA: "Ga--...Gar....u..f.."
Darn! I almost had it. I'll get it next time.
"Excited? Kugearen City is being built as we speak!
A new glimmer of hope! Straight from the hearts and minds of the Blakeory Corporation!"
MARIA: Kugearen City?
...This place looks familiar...
MARIA: Mommy said that I can only play computer games after I finish all my responsibilities!
MARIA: It's the family computer! I like playing games on this when mommy lets me.
MOM: Maria? Is something the matter? Who are you talking to?
MARIA: Hehe... no one! I'm playing pretend!
MARIA: What... is this?
MARIA: What are these letters?
MARIA: These flowers smell good!
MARIA: I... don't really understand these books.
MARIA: These pictures frighten me...
MARIA: O-oh... well, do you know where my mommy and daddy are?
No
Yes
Adventure!
Daddy said no!
[Map137]
ERIN: This bridge is new.
FLORA: Yeah, this was definitely not here before.
FLORIN: Perhaps this is what those Bladestar grunts used to get to us.
ERIN: Well, bridges were meant for crossing so let's get on that.
ERIN: Whoa what? What's going on?
FLORA: Right? It's like the entire cave changed. How bizarre...
ERIN: I would say so... Anyway, \PN and I found something interesting.
We found an old base that seems to belong to Bladestar.
Which means we're in the middle of a huge Bladestar facility.
Unfortunately, it looks like I snooped around with a computer too much and signaled them.
So... I'm sorry for that.
FLORIN: Don't sweat it. Flora and I found computers in both of the rooms we discovered too.
We all tinkered with things we shouldn't have and we're all to blame.
That just means we have to work together to escape in one piece. For real this time.
FLORA: I can't believe there would be a Bladestar base all the way down here... It seems so out of place!
FLORIN: I know... We're going to have to report all of this to Cassandra once we get out.
FLORA: Good news, though! We can only assume that a way out has opened due to these Bladestar grunts appearing!
ERIN: That seems like the most logical conclusion, so I concur.
FLORIN: Then let's get a move on!
ERIN: Let's go, Mute.
Er, I mean, \PN. Sorry.
ERIN: Huh...? What's going on here?
FLORIN: Ah, they're finally back.
FLORA: Isn't it cool? This whole place just changed suddenly!
ERIN: Uh-huh... Anyway, \PN and I found a base that seems to belong to Bladestar.
What does that mean to you two?
FLORA: Well, that means we have to escape from here as soon as possible!
ERIN: That much was obvious.
So, what did you two find in your rooms?
FLORIN: Flora and I both found these huge computer rigs in our rooms.
We were fiddling around with them until... Well...
ERIN: Your files were deleted?
FLORA: That's right.
ERIN: We were browsing through a list of Bladestar employees when it happened.
FLORA: Is that so?
ERIN: Yep.
FLORA: Well.. Were there any names in particular that stood out to you?
ERIN: Nope.
FLORIN: Well, if there's any good news to come out from all of this, it's that an exit is definitely somewhere in here.
If Bladestar members found us all the way down here, that means that the exit can't be too far, right?
ERIN: Sounds reasonable.
FLORIN: We should leave immediately then!
FLORA: Agreed!
ERIN: What a lying sack of sh-
Nevermind that-- Look, I know exactly what you mean. Flora is definitely Bladestar.
Not too sure about Florin still, but we have to keep an eye out.
Once we're out of here I'm going to confront her.
I may not pay attention to what Bladestar does usually, but when my life is threatened..
I'll make them wish they were never born.
FLORA: Hey, you two okay?
ERIN: We're fine, but we're trying to figure out what's going on with this cave.
FLORA: It's strange, isn't it?
But that doesn't matter. What does matter is finding the exit.
ERIN: Agreed. Florin and I actually ran into some Bladestar members while exploring the area.
FLORA: Oh yeah? Were they uh, too weak or something?
ERIN: I don't think any of them held any degree of strength. We don't need to worry about them.
FLORA: I see.
FLORA: Bah... Whatever, let's just go.
FLORA: Remember, keep quiet and everything will go swimmingly.
FLORIN: ...Flora, what did you do?
FLORA: Wh-What do you mean?? I didn't do anything!
Erin and I found the cave like this after we met back up.
ERIN: Can confirm. It's strange, but I don't think it's something too serious.
FLORIN: Okay, well... Did you guys run into any trouble?
ERIN: Trouble? No, but we did run into Bladestar grunts.
So, like I said, no trouble at all.
FLORA: ...Yeah... They could definitely be a little more competent.
That being said, I believe that an exit truly does exist... somewhere?
If Bladestar grunts came to apprehend us, that means that they must've come from the outside?
ERIN: Correct, and if that's the case, I want to get a move on immediately.
FLORIN: Likewise, but before we do that. I think we should report our findings.
FLORA: Oh...? What did you find?
FLORIN: \PN and I found a computer filled with live feed of Grand Dream City.
They even have our garden under surveillance.
FLORA: ...Oh no...
Well... Let's move shall we? Like, ASAP.
FLORIN: Let's go, \PN. You're a witness now. We can't go losing you! Hah!
FLORIN: Can anyone explain why the cave has changed so much?
FLORA: Nope! It just changed so suddenly... That's so strange.
FLORIN: Very strange indeed... Tell me, did you two happen to run into trouble?
ERIN: Trouble? Nope, can't say that we have... Oh, but there were Bladestar grunts walking around.
FLORA: Yes, well, they definitely could be just a tad bit more competent.
Whatever, if Bladestar grunts came down here and found us, doesn't that mean that there really is an exit?
All we have to do is work together to find it!
ERIN: Correct. We should get going immediately.
FLORIN: ...
Say, Flora?
FLORA: Huh? What do you want?
FLORIN: \PN and I found a lot of things about Bladestar down in the room we were in.
FLORA: Oh... yeah? What did you find?
There are cameras all around Grand Dream City. They even have cameras inside of our garden.
FLORA: Oh no!
FLORIN: That's okay, though. I have Bladestar in a tight spot.
We found a program called "Operation:Star.exe" on the desktop. It told us everything we need to know.
FLORA: ...
FLORIN: Flora?
FLORA: Th-That's great, Florin. Just more to report to Cassandra then, yeah?
C'mon Erin, let's go.
FLORIN: Flora... Please tell me that we're wrong on this. Please...
[Map138]
CERA: Take this!
CERA: Ahah... finally! You submit to me. I am your new master!
CERA: Hahah... hahaha...
Finally, I have tamed the beast.
Just look here! It's trapped within this Pokeball!
The beast that caused two of Angie's final followers to perish...
This beast... I hate it... I hate it... I hate it!
You will pay for the passing of Esther and Deborah.
Ohoho, you will pay for it in spades, but first...
ELDEST: What happened to your fellow comrades is tragic, but you must calm down!
Do not let anger run through your veins!
CERA: You two... \PN, don't you ever just give up?!
You've been a constant thorn in my side since you've come to Terajuma Island.
But no longer!
CERA: I will accomplish one thing before I leave here...
You may want to stand back...
CERA: Witness the being that will finally bring your reign to an end!
ELDEST: My word... That has to be... Groudon?
CERA: Yes, it is the Legendary Pokemon, Groudon.
The ancient beast that lives deep within this Garufan Chamber.
I would have prefered an Ice-Type, but I suppose Groudon will do.
Now that this Pokemon is on my side, there's no way I can fail.
In the name of Lady Angie...
Die!
GROUDON: Groooouuu!
Ahah.
CERA: Do you think power like that will stop me?!
Groudon, finish them off!
CERA: G-Groudon, what's wrong?!
CERA: Im-Impossible! There's no way a Pokemon like Groudon can be taken down just like that!
Especially by a mere mediocre trainer like \PN!
It's completely incomprehensible!
ELDEST: Pokemon, Legendary or not, have their limits.
They are not sources of limitless potential and energy.
Even Pokemon like Groudon will have to rest before it can get back up again.
CERA: Shut your mouth, heathen!
You know nothing!
Who the hell do you think you are?! You're nothing in the eyes of the lord, Arceus.
I am Arceus' faithful servant, and they will reward me for my loyalty! Just you wait!
CERA: Hah... Hahahaha! Ask and you shall receive!
The lord shines his light upon me today!
CERA: That Magma Stone is MINE!
ELDEST: Wh-What are you doing?!
CERA: Just keep it moving.
CERA: Now... We can do this the easy way, or the extremely bloody and horrible way!
I meant it when I said that the Magma Stone was mine.
I will stop at nothing to get my hands on it. Lady Angie will be freed from her prison!
You are to hand that Magma Stone to me, or I'll kill her.
ELDEST: \PN, don't do it. You need that stone, don't you?
Aelita and your friends are counting on you, aren't they?!
I'm an old lady, \PN. I don't have many years left to live anyway. I've lived a meaningful life.
CERA: Just shut up you old wench!
Hand over the stone now, \PN!
ELDEST: \PN...
CERA: Good.
CERA: Hahah... I'll be taking that.
CERA: Thank you so much for the stone, \PN.
I'm sure Lady Angie will have a suitable reward for you when she's finally awakened.
Au revoir.
I appreciate you trying to protect me, but I was fully prepared to meet my end.
By giving Cera the stone, you've unleashed the inevitable awakening of "Lady Angie".
...But we can think about the consequences of that later.
We didn't get what you came here for... So we should just leave.
This heat is starting to become too much for me now.
CERA: So be it... She will die because of you.
CERA: \ts[3]I said it's mine!
JUST LET IT GO ALREADY!!!
CERA: Augh... It...It broke in half?!
I don't care... I don't care... This should be plenty...
I will revive Lady Angie with this half of the Magma Stone, and then she'll come for you.
She'll come back for all of you! Every single one of you will fall inevitably to her Cold Truth!
Remember that.
ELDEST: Thank you for trusting me, \PN.
Unfortunately, it looks like the stone was broken in half.
The warmth of the stone must've made it extremely malleable.
Fortunately, it looks like you have the bigger half.
If you hurry... That might still be enough to do whatever it is you need to do.
Let's go... This heat will kill me if I stay here any longer.
ELDEST: It seems like the corruption has spread to these areas as well.
All of this is because of Team Xen's meddling. This damage cannot be undone.
I sense a great power ahead of us. You should probably prepare yourself before going on ahead.
???: Nnngh...
ELDEST: What happened to you?
DEBORAH: S-Stop... Don't go any farther.
ELDEST: Please, don't push yourself. You're not in good condition.
How did you get in here?
DEBORAH: We... used the power of Angie's flyers, but we didn't know what was in here.
The power of the beast ahead is very great. \PN... it's no use... just turn back now.
The Magma Stone... is indeed here, but the risk of obtaining it isn't worth it anymore.
Y-You should j-just... run...
...
ELDEST: ... She's gone.
So my senses were true... Something powerful rests here.
Let's move on, \PN.
Deborah is no longer here with us.
ELDEST: Whatever it is... it's near.
Esther won't respond.
"To those who wish to call the legendary beast...
The ones who hold open the path shall be punished for their treason.
No mercy shall be had upon their soul. Forever lost."
Hand it over.
Keep it.
[Map139]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Activate the Calmness Crystal?
All of the Calmness Crystals scattered in the mountain have activated!
Calm energy filled the mountain to the brim!
Your party has been healed!
???: Didn't expect you to show up from that side.
But that doesn't matter. Life is full of surprises.
Pleased to make your acquaintance, \PN.
???: Perhaps once, a long time ago. But these are under different circumstances, Kitty Cat.
???: Who I am doesn't matter, Kitty Cat.
It's all about who you are, and what you're doing here.
???: Heh, you have a sense of humor too? That's rare nowadays, Kitty Cat.
Here, you're gonna need this.
???: This is Emotion Powder. It's made up of grounded up crystals found throughout this area.
Valor Mountain has an interesting... quirk.
Like the seasons, and life itself, it's ever-changing.
Sprinkle a bit of this on some of the crystals in the mountain, and you're in for a surprise.
But in order for that to work, you'll need to find the Source Crystal.
Sounds weird, but you'll understand in due time.
Without this little gift, you won't be able to follow that little friend of yours who just passed by recently.
???: Sure. If that's what you want to call her.
???: C'mon now, Kitty Cat. There's only one place you both really need to be right now.
I'm sure you already know the answer to that question.
???: A little too much information always leads to grave consequences, Kitty Cat.
So, what will you do now, \PN?
You have many paths laid out before you.
Saving Amber, reaching the pinnacle, saving Nim.
Will you successfully complete all these tasks? I'm curious to see.
I'll be heading out for now, but I'm interested to see how this all turns out.
Ciao, \PN.
WARNING!
This is not a peaceful floor! Wild Pokemon may attack!
Trial participants should proceed with caution.
This crystal is devoid of energy.
SCIENTIST: If Geara was correct on his analysis, this should be a Source Crystal.
All you would have to do is sprinkle some of this powder on top of the crystal, and the mountain should change in some way.
We wouldn't have to forcibly change the mountain anymore!
SCIENTIST: W-Wah?! Aren't you \PN? We were warned about you!
If you used these crystals to reach the top of the mountain, I wouldn't hear the end of it from Geara!
Then where would I be? I won't stand for this!
Oh no, Geara's going to be so upset with me...
SCIENTIST: I didn't expect to win against you. A lowly grunt against \PN?
The power hierarchy doesn't allow for such a circumstance to exist.
Nevertheless, I'm going to report this immediately!
The Relics are floating above the altar! They must be providing some sort of power to this mountain...
I don't even like battling.
Yeah, this just confirms it.
Battling is dumb.
Activate the Valor Crystal?
All of the Valor Crystals scattered in the mountain have activated!
Valor energy filled the mountain to the brim!
This Source Crystal is devoid of energy.
???: ...
It looks like the famous, famous \PN finally made it to Valor Mountain.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
???: Here, let me give you some friendly guidance.
Amber's two floor beneath us. You can get there by taking the ladder located 'cross the bridge.
But you know, you don't have to save Amber.
If you wanted, you could forsake her.\| I wonder what consequences that would lead to?
???: Aren't you curious to know? Well, it's up to you.
Why do you constantly try to interfere with our plans?
What do you think you're trying to accomplish here?
Nothing, you're trying to accomplish nothing.
HERACROSS: Hyah!
Heracross went back to doing nothing.
GRUNT: I could've sworn there was a door here...
But if I remember correctly... Things looked way different before.
I think Geara said something about changing the mountain's "mood"...
But that's so nonsensical. What does that even mean?
Science is the only reason for living!
Why do you reject Science?
Accept science as your lord and savior!
Yes
No
Do I know you?
Who are you?
No autographs, sorry.
Melia?
Where did she go?
A "little" too cryptic.
[Map140]
HEATMOR: Mor!!
Do you want to give Heatmor the Gourmet Treat?
...
Heatmor wants to fight! Accept its challenge?
Heatmor looks disappointed.
It doesn't seem to notice you.
This heat is starting to become too much, but I won't let it bring me down!
N-No, I take it back. I will let it bring me down. I'm sick of it!
Do what you will... You won't always win.
Geara has entrusted this floor's security to me! I cannot let you through!
Well... His judgment was misplaced, I think.
Hopefully I don't get in too much trouble.
VULPIX: Vulpa!
Vulpix seems to be quite hungry...
Give Vulpix a Gourmet Treat?
Vulpix wants to play!
Play with Vulpix?
Vulpix started to play!
Vulpix walks around aimlessly!
The Relics are floating above the altar! They must be providing some sort of power to this mountain...
It seems like this pillar is connected to the ceiling...
Do you want to use Rock Smash?
\PN used Rock Smash!
You hear a "plump" sound!
Do you want to use the Golden Hammer?
\PN used the Golden Hammer!
Didn't think I'd see someone here! Thank you for your time!
I take it back! Leave me alone!
I've had enough. Let's just leave it here.
TEPIG: Tep...ig...
Tepig looks famished!
Give Tepig a Gourmet Treat?
You fed Tepig 1 Gourmet Treat.
TEPIG: Tepig!
Tepig is invigorated now!
Tepig wants to play now! Play with Tepig?
Tepig waits around satisfied.
Tepig is better, but it's still hungry!
Tepig waits patiently.
Play with Tepig?
Look who decided to finally waltz on in. You weren't invited, you know?
Okay, seriously? Totally uncalled for. I demand an apology.
Not only do I demand an apology, but I demand that you leave right now.
I don't have the power to make you. You just need to be a good person!
Your party has been healed!
This crystal is devoid of energy.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
GRUNT: What kind of mountain is this? Are we shifting dimensions or something?
Activate the Calmness Crystal?
All of the Calmness Crystals scattered in the mountain have activated!
Calm energy filled the mountain to the brim!
Activate the Valor Crystal?
All of the Neutral Crystals scattered in the mountain have activated!
Neutral energy filled the mountain to the brim!
This Source Crystal is devoid of energy.
WARNING!
This is not a peaceful floor! Wild Pokemon may attack!
Trial participants should proceed with caution.
The Valor Crystal's energy has returned to the mountain, and is now devoid of energy.
???: It seems you've found one of the Source Crystals I spoke about earlier.
Do you see how things have changed? So drastically, too.
That's the true nature of this mountain. Understanding its many faces is what will bring you to the top.
Now that you do understand, I'm curious to see what you'll accomplish.
I wouldn't be worried about that scientist from earlier, also.
It's so unfortunate, but it seems like they had an accident involving magma.
So careless, but what can you do? Some people just need to be silenced.
???: Perhaps I did, like a parent protecting their young.
But I guess, technically, it wasn't necessarily protection and more of "assurance".
???: You do what you must to reach the top. Figuratively and metaphorically.
Isn't that disgusting? That's the way this world works, Kitty Cat.
???: Nothin' nice about it. A life was lost, or was it?
That's what makes Team Xen so interesting. You just never know.
Either way, I'll be leaving for real this time. No more help from me.
What will the kitty do in its pen? Let us see.
???: Oh, and one last thing before I head outta here.
I mustered up enough energy to bring the Calm Source Crystal to life on the floor above us.
Could be helpful if you choose to save Amber. Just a gift from me.
Yes
No
Did you...?
That's awful.
Nice.
[Map141]
MELIA: Shouldn't go this way yet...
MADELIS: Just what are we doing?
CASSANDRA: Oh here we go again.
MADELIS: I'm just saying-
CASSANDRA: You know what we're doing, and why we're here.
Stop playing the idiot, or I'll order you to actually act like one.
MADELIS: I meant, why are we doing this?
CASSANDRA: I'm afraid I still don't understand your question.
Rather, I don't know why you're asking this so late into our game plan?
MADELIS: Is this truly what you want, Cassandra?
The Xenpurgis... You know exactly what it's capable of!
CASSANDRA: Of course I do. I was the one who designed it.
And it is exactly what I want, however...
Your hesitation to this project is starting to concern me.
MADELIS: ...It's just. I don't think this is right.
CASSANDRA: Oh really?\| You're only now realizing that what we're doing is wrong?
This isn't about doing what's right. It's never been about that.
MADELIS: ...
CASSANDRA: Don't you dare look at me with those self-righteous eyes!
Have you forgotten about the atrocities you've also committed?
The attack on Sheridan, the abduction of that Volcanion in Valor Mt!
The Shadow Pokemon plan, the abduction of Melia, the set up at Blacksteeple Castle!
These are all projects YOU'VE contributed to! Quite a bit, might I add!
You don't get to look at me like that!
MADELIS: I know I've done my fair share of evil. I can't take them back.
I know I'll pay for those sins eventually, but you can still step away from this!
CASSANDRA: And then what?! What do I do after that, huh?
Do I just say "Sorry Madame X, I decided to be a good person. I can't do this."?
She'd behead me right on the spot! Completely asinine!
But I'd rather that happen to me a thousand times before I let you look down upon me!
\sh\c[7]MADELIS: Is this just a game to you?! This isn't like the time at Gearen Labs!
Actual lives are at stake! Our petty feud of who's better holds no ground here!
CASSANDRA: What changed you? Something must have happened.
I want you to tell me what that was.\| Now.
MADELIS: And I want to know what's keeping you so set on this broken path.
So? Confess. I'm dying to know.
CASSANDRA: ...
CASSANDRA: I see we're both staying silent. That's how it's going to be.
In that case, this conversation is over. We're done here.
There's still something I need to grab down below.
So let's hurry up and do that so we can get back to the city.
MADELIS: This isn't about survival, is it?
Everything you've done thus far is for something far more bleak and disgusting.
It's revenge, isn't it?
CASSANDRA:\ts[2] With every fiber of my being, I will kill them.
\c[2]Tesla and Amber Von Brandt.
Their days are numbered. My Xenpurgis will make sure of that.
MADELIS: So are ours.
KHARON: This may be my final journal entry.
The presence I mentioned earlier has gotten to a peak.
I'm being overwhelmed by them. I cannot escape.
Ah, but this is the tale of an adventurer! Do not weep for me!
Though this cave has proven itself to be a challenge I could not overcome...
...
They are here for me.
Sweet Earth... It is over. They are here. They have come...
Goodbye...
I am overjoyed by the fact that--
MELIA: ...
VENAM: It's like another town that's been frozen in time...
But it's not like the place beneath us... It's different this time.
REN: In a way, it reminds me of Alamissa.
That same empty, hopeless feeling...
NIM: It's certainly empty. That's for sure.
MELIA: Nim, do you know what this place is?
NIM: Nope, but I pass here sometimes... To um, uh...
MELIA: It's okay, you don't have to explain why.
If you're not comfortable with that, we're not going to pry.
NIM: Wh-What did I say about being s-so nice to me??
Are you trying to pity me or something, Melia?!
MELIA: *Sigh*, here we go again. Nim, I'm not-
REN: Auugh!!
MELIA: Ren?!
VENAM: What's going on?!
MELIA: Ren's been glitching out ever since we got to this place!
It's been getting worse, and worse the longer we stay down here!
VENAM: H-How do we fix him? What can we do?!
REN: I... I can't fight this one...!
E-Everyone... S-Stand--- ACK--!
Agh.....AGHH!!
VENAM: Ren...?
NIM: ...!
MELIA: R-Ren, are you-
???: Huh...? Ahoo... What's going on?
VENAM: That... Is not Ren's voice at all.
???: Ren?\|\| I'm sorry, but I don't know who you're talking about.
MELIA: What's... What's your name? Can you tell us that?
???: Oh... My name? I'm so sorry, but I can't remember my name.
VENAM: I'm... so confused right now. What the hell just happened?
NIM: Th-That's another soul. An entire different being, inside of Ren's body...
???: Oh... So that's what's happening. I understand now.
I'm really sorry... I didn't mean to cause trouble.
To be honest, I don't really remember what I was doing before this.
I was just drifting along until I felt compelled to come to this place...
MELIA: But then where is our Ren??
???: I do feel his presence-- He is here, just sleeping.
VENAM: Not to be rude, but you're going to have to get out of my friend. Pronto.
MELIA: Wait, Venam. Maybe she can tell us about this place.
Do you have any idea where you are?
???: Ahoo... Ah, I remember now.
\c[6]This place was my home.
???: Yes... I was living here with my two best friends until...
Until we were separated. By fate, it seems.
We found ourselves on two opposite sides of a war.
And when it came down to it, we had to fight...
She and I battled, but we couldn't bring ourselves to kill each other.
I wanted to protect my home, but I wanted to protect her even more than that.
Therefore... In the end, I...\| Well...
That was the last thing I remembered. If you know what I mean...
VENAM: You took the killing blow on purpose?!
Why couldn't you two just settle your differences?!
There had to have been another way.
???: No... Unfortunately not. This was how it was supposed to be.
NIM: ENOUGH!
NIM: Enough with the self-sacrificial bullshit! I can't hear it anymore!
VENAM: What?
NIM: I'm such a hypocrite... "Fight for your friends"...
How can I say such things when I can't even do it myself?!
Melia, you kept asking me what I was doing here in the first place.
Do you really want to know why?
MELIA: If you want me to know, then say it.
NIM: I came here... to feast.
VENAM: ...To feast?
NIM: I told you didn't I? I'm nothing but a monster. The Child of the Storm.
I come to the Den of Souls periodically to feast on the souls trapped here.
MELIA: Y-You what?!
NIM: If I don't get souls, what will happen? You know the answer, Melia.
(MELIA: ...I know the answer? What would happen if Nim didn't feast on souls?
I know she's implying death, but I think she means something more specific.
That could only be...)
NIM: In a sense, but I'm talking about something more specific.
Something you've witnessed already, actually.
NIM: More than that. Think about this more clearly.
Like I said. You KNOW the answer.
MELIA: ...You turn to stone!
NIM: ...You're right, and that's exactly what happened to me.
For me to prevent this, I have to visit my own realm, or drain the life energy from souls to survive.
When I was with you all on the Xen ship, and Terajuma, I started to feel sick. Remember?
Normally, this wouldn't be a problem, but in this instance, I couldn't return to my own realm because...
MELIA: You were holding my father, Geara and Zetta back for us.
NIM: But in the end it didn't matter anyway. They were freed and I was thrown into a prison I could not escape.
But it's not just that either... Anyone who is simply near me is in danger.
NIM: I passively drain the essence out of human beings in my vicinity.
When I was in Sashila, I accidentally killed a woman by draining her essence.
I wasn't doing anything, I was just trying to make a friend...
But the evil that's inside me by nature was dying, and it needed sustenance.
NIM: That death was the last straw for Damien.
He saw me as a threat to his people and every human on this planet.
He ordered the bounty on my life, and started the chase with Alexandra and I.
NIM: But not even she was safe from me. After the long trip on the Grand Express...
I almost killed Alexandra.
That was when I decided we must part ways...
NIM: Wh-What am I supposed to do?! I don't want to die...
I don't want to die, I don't want to die! I don't want to die, I don't want to die!
I'm scared, and I need help! If things continue this way, I'll...
MELIA: Nim...
NIM: There isn't any point in beating around the bush anymore!
You all are trying to stop Storm-9 from coming back, right?!
Our destiny is to fight and kill each other. So why don't we just get that over with?!
VENAM: I understand you're scared, but if you try and hurt us...
MELIA: Venam, stop.\| Let me handle this.
VENAM: ...
MELIA: I told you before that I wouldn't give up on you, Nim.
I don't care who, or what you truly are. You are my friend.
NIM: S-Stop it... You're just making this harder for all of us...
MELIA: What can I do to help you, Nim?
NIM: Y-You wanna help me?! Then give me the power of the Archetype!
VENAM: Wh-What?! You must be out of your mind, Nim!
MELIA: Nim, will that truly save you?
In that case...
VENAM: Melia, what are you-
VENAM: What are you doing?!
NIM: Melia...
MELIA: You were with me in that facility before. You know the risks of holding this power.
Even with that knowledge, you still want this?
NIM: I-I need it...
MELIA: I see...
I vowed I would protect this power from evil, but if giving it to you would mean saving your life, then...
VENAM: Melia...! I know you mean well, but think about what you're doing!
A decision like this... It's catastrophic! You can't be responsible for this.
MELIA: I refuse to let another one of my friends die. Not on my watch!
I will bend and break every rule on this forsaken planet before I let that happen again!
Even in the end, if I am truly powerless to change anything, I won't go down without putting in everything I've got!
MELIA: Nim, you've suffered so much. I'm so sorry for everything.
If this will truly save your life, then please accept this.
VENAM: After all that? Why?
MELIA: I think it's because... She realized that even if she got a hold of this power...
\c[6]In the end, her destiny is something she cannot run from.
And I think the same is true...\| for me.
VENAM: Huh...?
???: Still, that conflict seemed to have ended peacefully.
I could only wish the conflict I had with my best friend ended the same way.
VENAM: Kind of a brutal thing to witness after just waking up though, huh...?
???: No, it's okay... Though, I am a bit disappointed that this world seems to be conflicted like mine was.
Perhaps it was naive of me to think the afterlife would be perfect.
Nothing usually is, after all.
That being said, I think I've taken enough time away from the boy in this body.
VENAM: Uh... I know I asked you to leave, but will you be okay?
???: Teh-heh, I'll be just fine. I wish you all prosperity.
And tell the boy in this body I said thanks for allowing me some time.
Goodbye, Melia, and Venam.
REN: Oogh, what just happened to me?
And why are you two in battle mode?!
Wait, where's Nim?
VENAM: We'd answer you if you gave us a chance.
MELIA: Well... This is what happened.
REN: So... I think it's safe to assume every time I glitched out like that...
A soul was trying to use this husk of a body to become conscious again.
VENAM: A little scary if you think about it.
That girl we talked to just now was sweet and let you have your body back.
What if an evil spirit got in there and didn't want to leave?
REN: I need a vacation. That's all I have to say about all that.
VENAM: True that! I want to chill for a whole month after this.
Guys, when we get back to Sashila, there's something we need to discuss.
REN: Hm? I assume it's important?
MELIA: Yeah... I need everyone to be there for it.
VENAM: ...?
MELIA: For now, we should get ready for our final battle.
I bet Cassandra and Madelis are around here somewhere.
We should prepare if needed.
REN: Gotcha. I'm ready whenever you guys are.
Which Floor?
You die of hunger.
You can't function.
You turn to stone.
3rd Layer
None
[Map142]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
CLEFAIRY: Clefairy! Clefairy! Clefairy!
CLEFAIRY: Cleffaaairrry!
You can see the moon's reflection in the pool of water here at night.
I hear certain Pokemon only appear here on Saturdays.
The view is absolutely divine...
Those Pokemon that appear at the Moon Field are here!
MUSHARNA: Moosha?
[Map143]
AELITA: This room looks a little bit more complicated.
You'll probably need to\c[6] put specific statues in place before others.
I'm not too sure on that one though, only a guess...
If you want my advice, I think you should go for the Chimecho statue first.
Things should become more clear when you do!
AELITA: You did it again! You're incredible!
I'll search this room in case there's something we missed!
AELITA: Hey, wait up!
AELITA: Looks like we got another puzzle room here...
I feel like you already know what you're doing, so I'll just stand on the side.
If you need any help, I may be able to help!
STATUE: Passage shall not be allowed until testing is complete.
Testing initiated...
STATUE: The test has been successfully completed.
Allowing entry...
AELITA: \PN!
AELITA: Looks like we didn't really miss anything in that last room, so let's keep going.
...But actually, I've been thinking about something.
Everything here seems to just be taking up a lot of time...
What if all of this is just--
???: Don't you two ever give up?
ESTHER: The way you two run around working hard is so fascinating...
But then I remember that you two are trying to delay the inevitable revival of Lady Angie!
Then all your actions do is sicken me to the core! It enrages me!
You two are wasted potential. You don't deserve what you have.
AELITA: You shut up! We're this strong because we worked towards it!
All you maids do is rely on Angie to get things done for you!
You're nothing but a bunch of cowards!
ESTHER: Say what you will, but things won't be settled by words alone.
\ts[1]Because actions speak louder.
What?! How could I lose?
AELITA: Actions speak louder alright. They say that you're second rate!
ESTHER: This... Isn't over.
AELITA: Sigh... Let's keep going.
We don't know how much more of this we have to go.
If we take too long-- Well, you know.
???: Don't you two ever just give up?
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
[Map144]
AMBER: This is strange.. But I guess this'll work.
Yes, I found some of my tools!
AMBER: What's going on with the table?
AELITA: Bloom? Please, we're running out of time.
AMBER: Sorry, Pop.
AMBER: It's finished... We've restored the patient.
AELITA: Just have to do some final adjustments, and...
AMBER: The patient has-\| Wait.
AMBER: WHAT??
AELITA: Bloom? What's wr-
AMBER: Aelita, snap out of it!
AELITA: Th-Thank you.
AMBER: Look on the table! That's my dad!!!
AELITA: Your... dad?!\| Th-That's not possible...
AMBER: I know who my dad is, Aelita! This is clearly him!
Why is he in the Hospital of Hope?! Is he hurt?!
AELITA: There is something covering his left eye...
Is that where...
AELITA: ...
AMBER: All this time I hated him because I thought he abandoned Mom and I...
But he was hurt... He needed our help this entire time!
AMBER: D-Dad!!
It's me, Amber! Can't you hear me? We've come to rescue you!
AELITA: Amber, this is only a dream! What's happening before us isn't real time!
But... For us both to be here...\| An event that connects us.
I think The Puppet Master is telling the truth. This is a real event we're witnessing.
AMBER: If this really is real...\| Oh God...
AELITA: You can't fall apart now! We need to follow him.
AMBER: Y-You're right! Damnit, you're right!
AELITA: C'mon!
AMBER: Another one of these pods... This one seems out of the way.
SAKI: We gotta open it, right?
AMBER: Yeah, probably.
AMBER: Ready? On three. \| One,\| Two, \| Three!
SAKI: Isn't this... That girl from before??
AMBER: Crescent...
But we saw her escape from this place... Why is she down here too??
<ac>\ts[1]The Nightmare Realm's lock has been undone!</ac>
<ac>\ts[1]We are one step closer to victory... Please, do not give up!</ac>
<ac>\ts[1]Return to the School of Nightmares...</ac>
<ac>\ts[1]And uncover the final truth!</ac>
Locked.
*Click*!
AMBER: Unlocked, baby!
AMBER: Where am I?
I feel like I'm floating...\| There's no weight to me at all...\| Nice.
AMBER: I totally am underwater!\| But holy hell is it freezing!
Why is the water so cold? And why here?! I've never been this deep underwater before...
This is way too cold to be Terajuma's...
Zetta just said Nightmare Realms were supposed to be events or memories that are connected to me in some way.
AMBER: DID SOMEONE JUST BUMP ME?!
Eh?
AMBER: Excuse me, you just can't be bumpin' into people like that!
Hello? Can you hear me?
AMBER: Oh shit.\| WHAT IS THAT?!
AMBER: Oh hell no.
AMBER: NO...
AMBER: NOO.
\ts[2]GOOOOOODDAMMMMMIITTTT!!!
???:\ts[1] h.. w..e. ..
\ts[1]Hey..... wa.. ....p
\ts[1].mbe.!
\ts[1]Ambe.!
\ts[1]Amber!
AMBER: Wha- Wha-...? Where am I? Where's that vortex?
AELITA: Amber?
AMBER: Hey, you're Aelita!
AELITA: And you're Amber!
AMBER: Yes! I am! I think!
But also, what the hell are you doing here?
AELITA: You stole my question! I was gonna ask you that first.
But I just stepped through the Nightmare Door and now I'm here.
AMBER: Okay... This is a Nightmare Realm, but where is "here"?
AELITA: I think we're in the Hospital of Hope.
Its design is similar to what I've seen.
There aren't any windows... So we might be\c[6] underground somewhere.
AMBER: Wait, I just realized! If you're here, that means you're part of the game too?
Who do you have with you? I have \PN, Risa and Saki!
AELITA: Uh, yeah. I have Lavender, Huey, and Jean.
But there's something I gotta-
AELITA: Wha??
AMBER: Why am I moving? I'm not doing this!
AELITA: Bloom, we're going to get in a lot of trouble for this.
AMBER: The fuck are you-\| It's okay, Pop. We're doing the right thing!
Let us begin the restoration process.
Do you wish to turn on the Interceptor's Wish?
AMBER: Gotcha!
AELITA: Bloom? Where are you going?
AMBER: Nowhere. Sorry, Pop.
Attention! Attention! Patient 016 has escaped his confinement!
Appropriate personnel to apprehend him is necessary.
Also I want to remind everyone that we have a birthday in the office today!
Everyone wish Banta a happy birthday! If you wish to have a slice of cake, make your way to the lobby!
That will be all.
AMBER: I know this isn't really happening in real time, but can he see us?
AELITA: He can't. I've tried talking to him and everything.
But we're here for a reason, and I think that's to help him escape.
AMBER: Um, didn't you hear that announcement?? Of course we're here to save him!
AMBER: Dad!
AELITA: Off he goes again! Let's move!
Got a key!
AMBER: This shit better come in handy or I'm snapping it in two!
AMBER: I heard some "clunks" from this machine when it first started up.
SAKI: Probably because the conveyor belt moved something over.
AMBER: Duh, of course that's what happened.
The question is what?
SAKI: I'll take a look! Leave it to me!
AMBER: Sounds like something opened...
Something behind us, maybe?
AMBER: Please be useful.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
XARA: Jean, are you done with your part yet?
They're gonna be here in a few hours!
JEAN: Bleh, bleh... It just needs a few more adjustments.
The Security Enforcer Component just needs some time, that's all.
But did you have to give the AI a personality? That's asking for trouble.
XARA: Personality is everything. Just keep doing what you're doing.
JEAN: Alright, alright...
AMBER: Saki, did you see that?
SAKI: Yeah... What was Xara and Jean doing down here?
AMBER: It's painfully obvious, Saki. Aren't you supposed to be the genius?
SAKI: ...
AMBER: I mean, did you look at them, and the ones who did this to you?
They must be the\c[6] same.
SAKI: If you say so...
SAKI: What was THAT?!
AMBER: It sounds like something crashed over there!
We should check it out!
Please insert the password.
CASSANDRA: So, have the units we ordered been completed?
XARA: We have them just as you wanted. Now, about that payment.
CASSANDRA: Payment will directly be put into Risa's treatment.
I'm sure that's fine?
XARA: ...
It'll do, yes. Just make sure it's on time. Last time it caused problems.
JEAN: Also, treat the S.E.C units well. They will break if you're too rough with them.
CASSANDRA: What good is a security drone if it falls apart if its roughed up?
JEAN: Just don't abuse them, that's all I'm saying.
CASSANDRA: They're ours now. What we do with them is up to us.
That will be all. We'll be in contact again soon.
AMBER: What the f-
SAKI: Xara and Jean... They're part of Team Xen...
AMBER: Not only that, but Cassandra is tied in with all of this too.
No surprise there. Politicians are just disguised villains anyway.
SAKI: They didn't want payment for anything other than Risa's treatment.
I'm... I'm so confused...
AMBER: Wait... Were those things always there?
SAKI: Eh? That didn't do it? Damn I'm dumb.
The password's gotta be around here somewhere...
What about that medical bill thingy majiggy?
A mysterious black box...
AMBER: I shouldn't run off doing whatever! I need to stick with Dad and Aelita!
AELITA: Bloom? What are you doing? Please get the patient ready.
AMBER: Pop, how do I do that? What should I do?
AELITA: Are you okay, Bloom? Just look around the room and find your equipment.
AMBER: Damnit. Locked!
SAKI: What the heck! Who the hell can pay such a bill?!
AMBER: Forget about the price for a sec. Why is Risa here??
Was Risa sick at some point, or something?
SAKI: Maybe she's still sick. Remember those fits she got into?
AMBER: True... But I didn't think it was something so serious that it warranted THIS price.
Frankly, nothing should cost his much in general, but that's another conversation.
SAKI: Kinda sounds like someone was being blackmailed with this though.
"Pay up or I'll tell."
AMBER: Really weird...
SAKI: Eh? A mannequin?
That's kinda weird.
I'm gonna call you Manuela, is that okay?
MANUELA: ...
SAKI: Nice.
SAKI: Guess I gotta put Manuela there.
Come on Manuela, you're coming with me!
k
kr
AELITA: He clicked the elevator button and we've been waiting for quite a while.
AMBER: Is it working?
AELITA: I don't think this is gonna work, dude. You need to find another way!
AELITA: At least he took my advice!\| After him!
AELITA: Amber, bad news... We found an elevator key, but this thing needs two!
AMBER: Yeah, that would be bad news. But you have a bad bitch on your side!!
Zing, sparkle! I found the other key!
AELITA: You're a life saver! Literally! Let's get out of here!
\ts[1]Amber and Aelita inserted the keys into the elevator.
ISHA: Bloom...\| Pop... Why are you doing this?
AMBER: Out of the way, Isha! We're busting him out!
ISHA: ...But Bloom. He is my subject. You know how desperate I am for him.
Our connection is 88%.\| 88%!\| That's near perfect odds...!!
Bloom... Pop... If it's anything I did...\| I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm... I'm so very sorry...
ISHA: Won't you please forgive me?
AMBER: Step on railroad spike, creep!
ISHA: Enough of this, Isha! You do nothing but embarrass yourself!
You good for nothing child!
Nooo.
ISHA: Noo... Don't leave...\| Okay...\| We lost, Father....
We must behave or else we might make it worse...
Disgusting child! This is the amount of your strength?!
AELITA: I'm... so uncomfortable right now...
ISHA: I'm sorrrry....
Maybe a hug will hug hug hug things out...
AMBER: STOP, YOU'RE CREEPING US OUT!
ISHA: *Sniff*\| Ow....\|*Sniff*\| Owieeee....
Wahahaha... he's gone.... And it hurts....
*Sob* Wahaha.... whahahahah...
NOOOooooOOOOOOO!!
AMBER: Wh-What? I can't go any further! He's gone!\| Dad!
AELITA: Guess the realm ends here. Deagan successfully escaped.
AMBER: Yes... Yes he did! He escaped!
Which means he's out there somewhere...\| Why didn't he come home?
AELITA: I dunno... But I think our job is done here.
AMBER: Aelita, I'm... I'm really trash at this. I'm sorry.
B-But thank you for helping me save my dad.
AELITA: Oh, it was no issue.
AMBER: There's one thing I gotta ask, though.
Why are you even here in the first place? Aren't Nightmare Realms connected to you?
And how did you know my dad's name? It's Deagan.
AELITA: Oh...\| Well, it's simple!
This whole thing for you was saving your dad, right?
AMBER: Yeah...?
AELITA: Well...\| This whole thing was...\| \c[6]To save my uncle.
AMBER: Who's your uncle?
AELITA: ...Amber.
AMBER: Um... I'm definitely not your uncle.
I'll just whisper it.
<ac>\ts[1]And uncover the truth!</ac>
SAKI: Wowie, wowie... This place looks spooky...
Eh...\| Where am I?
Doesn't look familiar... But maybe it's cuz I haven't looked around yet.
Seems ez enough. Let's get it, gamers!
SAKI: Wh-What's going on? What was all that??
My head hurts so bad... Damnit, what's goin' on??
SAKI: I... I have to keep going.
<ac>V-Val, get Saki out of here... quickly...</ac>
<ac>VALARIE: No, I won't leave you!</ac>
<ac>???: Stop acting like a hero. Accept this.</ac>
<ac>SAKI: A-Adam...!!!</ac>
SAKI: Adam... No...
W-Wait, who is Adam? I don't understand any of this...
I don't wanna do this anymore...
I don't wanna...
<ac>Saki! Run! Please! Run and get help!</ac>
<ac>SAKI: V-Val, I... I can't--</ac>
<ac>VALARIE: I'm begging you! Please!</ac>
<ac>???: Enough.</ac>
<ac>SAKI: N-NOOO!!!</ac>
SAKI: No... Valarie...
Who is Valarie?! Why... Why does seeing them cause me so much pain?!
Screw this, I don't wanna do this anymore! Let me out! Let me out!!!!
???: Do you know why you're here?
???: You're going to be part of an experiment.
???: This experiment will dictate the actions we pursue going further.
Are you scared?
SAKI:\ts[2] What's going to happen to my friends?
KIERAN: Poor thing. Can barely talk. That's no way to act, checkers.
???: I wouldn't worry about your friends. We won't hurt them.
But they won't be your friends anymore.
In fact, they're going to be brand new people.
Perhaps you can say... We're freeing them from a wretched curse.
KIERAN: Isn't that such a good thing we're doing? You should smile!
KIERAN: Well, you'll come around. Voluntarily or not.
SAKI:\ts[2] What's going to happen to me?
???: You talk as if it hasn't already happened. You haven't noticed your new appearance?
KIERAN: I'll chock that up to my flawless and smooth procedure.
???: That being said, it'll take a while for things to take effect with you.
You're our bargaining card. Just behave like a normal student from now on.
Team Xen? \v[12] and the others? Forget them.
SAKI:\ts[2] No...
KIERAN: Don't you want to forget them? Forget all of this?
That scared look you have will be gone forever if you do.
\ts[2]C'mon, let me show you.
SAKI:\ts[1] N-No... Stop... Get away...
???: Goodnight, Saki Blakeory.
AMBER: Saki!
AMBER: Saki, you have to get up...
I can't do it, Amber... I can't... It's too painful...
AMBER: I understand. I know it's hard. But we're so close...
SAKI: I... I can't...
AMBER: This isn't the Saki I know!
The Saki I know could pull through anything! No matter what shit life threw at her!
She would somehow get away with doing dangerous things and survive in the end!
It was really annoying!
Don't you want to annoy the Puppet Master for putting us through this hell?!
Don't you wanna survive so you can get your revenge on those two idiots that did this?!
SAKI: Amber...
AMBER: A-And if you can't do it yourself, then let me help...
We can get through it together, so c'mon, take my hand.
SAKI: But...\| Why? Why do this for me?
AMBER: Well... It's because we're f-friends, right? Something along those lines?
SAKI: ...Yeah. Guess we are.
SAKI: Some friend you are! Taking THIS long to help me snap outta it!
Useless. I should mow you smithereens!
AMBER: Next time, don't go around needing my help then.
Die in here for all I care.
AMBER: Come on, let's find a way out of here.
SAKI: Yeah!
<ac>Conveyor belt activated.</ac>
AMBER: The conveyor belts started moving. Let's check it out, Saki.
SCIENTIST: Bloom, Doctor Isha is going to be very unhappy about this!
So strong...
AMBER: Crap... Gotta go!
AMBER: Damn... TOO CLOSE! I gotta get my head in the damn game!
No... I have nothing else to say.
SAKI: These black boxes... I saw them in those visions!
They were all placed in those pods next to one of us.
Um, except for Amanda for some reason...
AMBER: This must be what the conveyor belt pushed out.
Just what are they for?
<ac>INTRUDER ALERT! INTRUDER ALERT!</ac>
<ac>EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY</ac>
SAKI: What the?! Intruder alert?
What do we do??
AMBER: They said evacuate, right...? SO LET'S GET OUTTA HERE!
CRESCENT: You two... Never fail to stand in my way...
But this time, I've won.
And I'm going to see my beloved once again...
SAKI: ...Ow.
AMBER: Now Crescent's been down here?!
SAKI:\c[6] She stole three of the black boxes that came out of the conveyor belt.
AMBER: Just what the hell is she planning?
The Puppet Master is trying to show us something here, but...
The events are so disjointed. We don't have a proper timeline.
What events happened first? What was recent?
SAKI: We can ask these questions later! Let's look for a way outta here...
AMBER: Right. Crescent ran off south of here.
Maybe we should follow. Something might've changed.
SCIENTIST: Bloom, enough is enough!
What are you doing?! Why are you betraying us?!
Got an Elevator Key!
AMBER: An elevator key?! HELL YES, BABY! I'm gettin' out of here!
AELITA: Deagan, I don't think this is the brightest idea...
AELITA: Okay, do it anyway I guess.
???: It's gotta get done.
AMBER: Eh?
CASSANDRA: This isn't a game, Isha. Keep your side of the bargain and we keep ours.
ISHA: I do not see this as a game, I assure you.
But creating such a thing takes time. We are working hard on it.
CASSANDRA: You and your staff need to get it together.
The dome is being installed starting tomorrow. It'll be a two month long project.
We're going to need it done by the end of its construction.
ISHA: I understand... Cassandra. Also...\| I was not referring to my staff when I said "we".
CASSANDRA: Then who?
ISHA:\ts[1] Hehe...\| Hehe...
CASSANDRA: Listen, we supplied a good subject for you yes?
ISHA: You mean the subject that's trying to escape right now?
That's your fault for not sedating him well enough, Mrs. Cassandra.
CASSANDRA: We dropped off the delivery. It's up to you to figure out how to manage him.
AMBER: Cassandra is affiliated with Isha?!
And she's the one who gave Dad to the Hospital of Hope...?
What the fuck is going on around here?!
AMBER: This plant. Yes, it'll do nicely. (I would never say this.)
AMBER: Table.
AELITA: Bloom. Focus.
AMBER: Was the crash we heard this box?
SAKI: I checked back here before and this was not here, so....
Gonna have to say this box was the source of the crash sound!
AMBER: There's something on top of the box. It looks important.
SAKI: I dunno...
AMBER: Did you not check back here?
SAKI: No...
AMBER: Sigh...
AMBER: I'm trying to think, Saki. Go investigate something else!
SAKI: Yes Ma'am!
AMBER: Wait a minute...\| Aelita, how did you get in there?
The door's locked!
AELITA: What are you talking about? The door's wide open.
I can see you through the opening right now.
AMBER: I can't see you, though... There's a door in the way.
AELITA: ...Oh. Let's just run with it. Maybe only I can come in here.
You go see if there's anything else you can do!
AMBER: On it!
AMBER: Wait... How did Aelita know my dad's name is Deagan??
Whatever, I'll ask later.
Yes
No
Rid of Team
New Team
Restore Team
[Map145]
AELITA: Adam, Delphox, and Erick!
DELPHA: Aelita, thank goodness you're here...
ADAM: We're kind of in a double trouble kind of situation.
ERICK1: \PN, and the other girl! You gotta help me out!
It's that girl with the red hair! She's using her tricks again!
ERICK2: NO, don't fall for her tricks \PN! She's trying to divide us!
Super not cool and ultra lame!
ERICK1: You stole that line from me earlier!
ERICK2: No! You stole that from me!
DELPHA: Normally I'd be able to differentiate illusion from reality using aura, but...
That girl is clever, she's using another object as a base for her illusion to make it difficult to do so!
But it's strange... Even though she's in the area, I can't sense her ahead...
ADAM: What do you mean?
AELITA: \PN, there you are! I've been looking--
AELITA: What the heck?
AELITA1: Really Clear? One scheme isn't enough for you?
AELITA2: Don't CALL me Clear.
AELITA1: Then why are you just showing up at the most convenient time?
\PN, don't you find that a little suspicious?
AELITA2: It took me a bit longer to wake up, that's all.
I ran down here as fast as I could!
AELITA1: Delphox, \PN, Adam, back me up here!
ADAM: This sucks. What do we do?
DELPHA: We'll start with Erick first.
\PN, you must know Erick, right?
ERICK 1/ERICK 2: It's true, they do!
\sh\c[7]ERICK 1/ERICK 2: STOP THAT!
DELPHA: \PN, please ask questions and figure out the imposter.
I will be concentrating my power in the mean time.
Let's start.
ERICK1: Yes?
What do you want to know?
ERICK1: Oh, that's an easy one! My favorite character is Annie Mae!
Annie Mazing Always Energetic pop-idol android!
She fights crime and wastes no time!
I was wearing a wig of her hair until this binch DESTROYED it!
ERICK1: Um... My Gym field tends to change from time to time, but right now I'm using the Murkywater Field.
Hope that satisfies ya!
ERICK1: It has to be the invention Saki and I worked on together!
Sakitron!
ERICK2: Ask me a question already!
ERICK1: Oh, that's an easy one! My favorite character is Anna May!
She's amazing, and that's all you need to know!
ERICK1: Murkywater Field! Easy!
ERICK1: The android I made, Sakitron! It's super cool and awesome!
DELPHA: Who is the imposter?
ADAM: That Erick is the imposter then, right?
DELPHA: Alright... Let's see how this goes!
Begone, imposter!
ERICK1: W-Wait!
ERICK1: OWWW!!!
\sh\c[7]ERICK: I'M NOT THE FAKE! OUCH OUCH OUCH!
ERICK?: Hahahahaha!
SEC DRONE: Sorry! But you got that one wrong!
I go explode-y!
Everyone took damage!
\sh\c[7]ERICK: YOU GUYS ARE THE WORST...
DELPHA: Sorry, Erick. This one is on me.
ERICK: YES. IT IS. THAT FIRE OF YOURS REALLY HURTS... *sniffle*...
ADAM: That one's gotta be the imposter then, right?
SEC DRONE: OUCH...
ADAM: Yeah! You guys got it right!
SEC DRONE: SO RUDE...
ERICK: Thank you guys... You guys are the real ones!
ADAM: Now we have to figure out the deal with Aelita.
We should ask questions and--
AELITA2: No time! As we speak, Kieran is interfering with the Ligosomnia Engine!
If we don't hurry, all of their data will be wiped from the drive!
AELITA1: That's what I was gonna say! We can't waste anymore time!
\PN, you're just going to have to choose. I believe in you!
AELITA2: You should've noticed something from beforehand, \PN.
She slipped!
AELITA1: \PN, remember! \c[6]Pecha Party!
DELPHA: I see... Let's find out.
Begone, Imposter!
AELITA: \PN... I knew you could figure it out!
CLEAR: Impressive.
I didn't expect such a long-haul trick to be exposed so easily.
It was foolish of me to underestimate the Interceptor, after all.
Aelita, you claimed that I slipped before. What was it?
AELITA: You referred to Delpha as "Delphox".
I always refer to Delphox as Delpha.
CLEAR: Interesting. I suppose you're right. My lack of data on the relationship failed me.
AELITA: O-OW!!
AELITA: Y-You got it wrong...
\PN took massive damage!
CLEAR: It seems you've made a grave error, \PN.
I suppose I've overestimated your capabilities.
And forgive the wound. It's just business.
AELITA: It doesn't matter... Let's focus on the task at hand for now.
AELITA: S-Sorry, I tried my best.
CLEAR: ...
DELPHA: After her!
KIERAN: Ah, Clear. Always making me work for my gratification.
CLEAR: There's no growth from easy wins.
KIERAN: Ahah, says you!
DELPHA: Now you're revealed. You're powerless against me.
CLEAR: Perhaps.
However, I still have my trump card to play. Don't underestimate me.
Let's play. Tuff-Puff.
NAGANADEL: Naadaall!!
AELITA: T-Tuff Puff?!
No regrets.
AELITA: Amazing job, \PN!
We won, Clear. You failed.
Back away from the Ligosomnia Engine right now.
CLEAR: Failed? Winning that battle was never the objective.
Sometimes you have to lose, to win. I thought you learned that lesson on Eclysia.
KIERAN: And done. All of the data has been successfully wiped.
AELITA: N-No!!
CLEAR: We...
KIERAN: Win.
CLEAR: Ahah, very surprising indeed. I didn't even go all out there.
Is that truly the height of your strength? Or perhaps you held back as well?
Whatever the reason is, we've won.
AELITA: ...We failed.
AELITA: Erick, what's going on!?
ERICK: I dunno, but this computer is going completely haywire!
DELPHA: Kieran must've done something to it!
ERICK: No... No, whatever this is... It's...
ADAM: Screw the machine! We need to get the heck outta here!
AELITA: R-Right, c'mon let's move!
<ac>Dream a dream so grand it becomes a Nightmare.</ac>
<ac>It becomes a Nightmare!</ac>
<ac>...</ac>
ERICK: *Huff*... *Huff*...
AELITA: Oh no...
SEC: Oh.
W-Wait, you're not--
Well this was an unexpected turn of events, slick.
For twerps like you to run on into SEC's home! Like thieves in the night!
AELITA: SEC are you on our side? (Highly doubtful...)
SEC: Of course SEC not on your side. I'm over here and you're over there.
AELITA: ...
You just applauded yourself!
SEC: Yes.
AELITA: Okay...
SEC: To think you guys would come all the way from Carotos just to beat SEC up in his own home!!
AELITA: It doesn't have to be that way. You could just, you know, move to the side?
SEC: Okay, but where is fun in that? SEC is bored!
SOOOOO SEC just going to kill you both.
This is revenge for what you did to SEC on Carotos Mountain!
Argh!! So Frustrating! SEC WILL EXPLODE!
AELITA: We're waiting.
SEC: HOW COULD YOU?
AELITA: And there it is.
SEC: Can you stop?
The audience knows what is going to happen to SEC. Do not act special.
SEC read the script. SEC know how this goes.
Okay, line 442... Section 3... Got it!
\sh\c[7]SEC IS ASHAMED!
SEC was being good player, and all... Yeah I'm bored.
Goodby Crul World!
AELITA: Kay.
LAVENDER: Hello, \PN. What's up?
LAVENDER: Huey's doing pretty well.
He's been resting at home. He hasn't left the house in a few days, but...
Each day he's getting better. He'll be okay soon enough.
LAVENDER: Yeah... I kinda miss my twin braids.
And being super agile like that was invigorating!
Maybe I should dabble a bit in gymnastics or something?
LAVENDER: Erick and I practically have to live down here for 9 months...
Constantly monitoring their progress and status...
But when we see their smiling faces come out of those pods, it'll be worth it.
I hope Huey is doing alright on his own.
Locked.
AELITA: This is just like the place we were just in...
Bit different, but it all checks out in some places.
Okay, \PN. Here's the plan...
We're going to have to face Clear down here, and it'll be just like on Eclysia.
If that happens, she'll try some sort of trick to put us against each other.
Let's have a codeword or something just in case that happens.
That way we'll know it's each other for sure.
Hm... Let's go with \c[6]Pecha Party! Yeah, that's a good one!
Okay, \PN. We gotta move!
???: Excuse me!
VALARIE: E-Excuse me, but I need your help!
AELITA: Valarie?!
VALARIE: Uh... I'm sorry, did we meet before?
Anyway, that's not important. I need your help.
I was talking to a group of individuals when suddenly we were attacked!
They were wearing really weird jumpsuits and were riding these high-tech like vehicles.
AELITA: ...Clear and Kieran!
VALARIE: They fought us for a while and then suddenly backed off in a hurry.
The other people ran down here after them, but I don't know if they can handle it on their own...
AELITA: Don't worry! We'll go help them out so you just stay here, okay?
VALARIE: Understood. Thank you so much.
VENAM: That's definitely Crescent...
AMBER: Why did Clear and Kieran put her all the way down here?
AELITA: Because Crescent was a threat to their plans.
Remember what Clear said in the School of Nightmares?
Crescent was capable of destroying one of them long ago.
AMBER: Right, the guy's name was uh, Eden?
ERICK: Didn't Clear claim that she killed her? What's she doing down here then?
Pfft, why am I even asking that question. It's obvious that she just lied!
AELITA: ...I dunno, I don't think Clear would lie about something like that.
LAVENDER: Although, she did omit things from her explanations before.
It's possible that this is another case of her withholding information.
AELITA: That's probably more likely, yup.
SAKI: Is she even alive? What's up with Crescent?
LAVENDER: She's stable, but she's very weak and needs her rest.
ERICK: So what are we gonna do with her?
AELITA: We should take her back to Sashila. She can rest there.
I have a few questions for her when she wakes up.
VENAM: Alright, I'll take her there myself then.
AELITA: No, it's alright. I can do it.
You have to see Saki off, don'tcha?
VENAM: Yeah, I guess I do. Thanks.
AELITA: By the way, Erin and the group have returned from 3rd Layer.
We should regroup when we're done here.
VENAM: Gotcha.
ADAM: Guess we should begin this whole process then.
Hey, \PN, could you do me a favor?
Ryland's not gonna know about what's happening with me.
If it's not a pain, could you go tell him what's going on?
ADAM: Heh, thanks bro. I appreciate it.
Ryland's gotta know what's happening. It's only right.
ADAM: Thanks. I appreciate it.
ADAM: Forget I said anything.
VALARIE: I can't believe my entire life was a lie...
ADAM: Your entire life isn't a lie. The past few months are.
VALARIE: Right.
I keep forgetting that. Sorry.
SAKI: 9 months of nothingness... It's... really scary now that I'm about to head in.
VENAM: It won't be nothingness. Didn't you listen to Lavender?
You'll basically be reliving the events of Terajuma as if they never happened.
By using the memories of all three of you as reference, they'll be able to piece it all together.
SAKI: Duh, I knew that. I just wanted to sound edgy. Jeez!
Go back to being a purple headed bimbo!
VENAM: I do miss my purple hair...
SAKI: But yeah... We should go now.
DELPHA: Everything will be alright, Saki.
I remember how things went down for us quite well.
I'll make sure everything is in tip top shape.
SAKI: Thanks Delpha...
You've always been a good friend to me.
You guys...
\sh\c[7]You guys have to win! Against Team Xen!
I won't forgive any of you if you don't come wake me up, got it?!
You have to make it to the end!
AMBER: ...Gosh, we already promised that we'd make it.
VENAM: Yeah, we're strong now, Saki. Much stronger than those idiots.
SAKI: Yeah... You guys are cool. I know you won't let me down.
AMBER: See ya, Saki...
VENAM: ...
AMBER: ...
VENAM: Sleep tight.
DELPHA: The process will surely take no less than 9 months.
In that time, we must work towards bringing peace back to Aevium.
VENAM: Yeah, for Saki's sake.
VENAM: Let's go back to Sashila, \PN. I bet we have another meeting to attend.
I bet we're all itching to hear what Crescent has to say.
VENAM: I hear ya. Don't take too long.
AMBER: Crescent's gotta be down here somewhere. I know it.
AMBER: ...I know why all three of us suddenly made up back there.
I mean, we're all past that stuff at this point anyway, but...
Saki's not wrong. 9 months is a long time. Who knows what Team Xen will pull.
If something were to happen to any of us while Saki was sleeping...
The last thing we would've left off on was a fight.
None of us want to be in that position.
My dad is out there somewhere too. We parted ways on a fight as well.
I don't think I'll have that same luxury with him.
It's the Ligosomnia Engine. It's currently still powered on somehow...
VALARIE: Oh, it's you.
LAVENDER: Good timing, \PN. Look who we just found in one of the pods.
AMANDA: Um, hello? Nice to meet you?
AMANDA: I'm sorry... I've never met you before.
Is... Is that weird?
AMANDA: ...Uh? I'm sorry, I really don't know who you are.
ERICK: She wouldn't know you, \PN. Remember?
The one who have been interacting with us was an imposter.
AMANDA: You guys keep saying that, but I'm so confused.
Someone was impersonating me?
AMBER: Apparently, but don't worry. That imposter has been taken care of.
AMANDA: I see... Then, \PN is it? I won't forget you this time, I promise.
And thank all of you for saving me.
I think... I think I'm going to head home now. Jan must be so mad with me.
ADAM: Nah, we already called him and explained the entire situation.
...Though he sounded like he wasn't surprised this was a thing.
AMANDA: That's just like Jan. Oh well, I guess I'll head off now.
SAKI: There's a helicopter just outside the Scholar District.
It's headed back to East Gearen City anyway, so feel free.
AMANDA: Got it. Thanks.
LAVENDER: Now, down to business.
Erick and I have been investigating this place on Erin's request.
Not only have we found the Platinum Component, but we've found your real bodies too.
VALARIE: This is all surreal... To learn that my entire livelihood has been a lie...
DELPHA: It's only been a lie for a couple of months, but yes.
ERICK: Well, it's thanks to Rune, but we were able to find the program to return you all back.
That's the easy part, actually...
ADAM: And the difficult?
LAVENDER: ...Well, uhhh... You see. It's the actual process that is difficult to manage.
Someone must stay down here constantly monitoring your transfer.
If something goes wrong, it could mean losing that memory forever.
ERICK: Aaaaaand...
The entire procedure takes 9 months.
AMBER: 9 months?! That's nearly a year!
ADAM: Oh come on... Is that seriously how long it takes?
LAVENDER: The process is ran through the Ligosomnia Engine, which has been severely weakened.
And the Platinum Component won't work with the engine anymore for some reason.
What would've taken a couple of weeks will now take 9 months.
ERICK: Minimum.
DELPHA: Minimum?! It could take longer??
SAKI: We don't have a choice, though... We can't let our bodies rot away like this.
VALARIE: What do you mean rot??
LAVENDER: Well... Your bodies aren't being replenished by the pods anymore.
Even if the Platinum Component was still inside of it... It wouldn't be enough.
ERICK: All the energy Rune used to create the distortion really drained the engine.
If your bodies stay like this, they'll start to deteriorate without proper care.
ADAM: Aw man, I've been working out, and I got rid of the dye in my hair...
All in a fake body? That sucks.
VALARIE: That's what you're mad about?
So when is this getting started then?
LAVENDER: Whenever we're all ready to.
ADAM: Let's get to it right now. The sooner the better.
SAKI: W-Wait, can we wait a bit? Like, a day or so.
ADAM: Getting cold feet?
SAKI: No, I'm not nervous. I have faith in Erick and Lavender.
But I'd like to settle something with \PN before I go.
ADAM: I get it. Fine, we can wait.
VALARIE: A day couldn't hurt?
LAVENDER: Okay, we can wait a day. That's no problem.
SAKI: \PN, I'll be waiting for you in the basement of Axis High.
Er... The not secret basement. So leave this place and then take the actual stairs down.
You'll understand when you get there.
VALARIE: Guess we'll wait around then.
AMBER: Oh no no no! You guys need to work and help me find something!
ADAM: What? With what?
AMBER: It's important. Saki and I found something really weird in her Nightmare Realm.
There's a secret staircase around here, and under there was a single pod.
And in that pod, was Crescent.
There's no way Rune didn't show us that for flair. She's down here somewhere.
DELPHA: Hm...
In that case, we must look around.
ERICK: Um, sure, I guess... It's not like this place is huge or anything.
LAVENDER: \PN, you go off and meet Saki. We'll look around.
VALARIE: I've always felt connected to the water.
Is it because of my past life?
MUNNA: Muun?
DELPHA: Crescent... I know she tried to protect us, but...
I have a bad feeling about all this.
Valarie and Adam were scared about this, even if they didn't show it.
I sensed it...
To lose 9 months of your life... It's like being in a coma.
You can never get time back.
It was foolish of me to underestimate the interceptor, after all.
AELITA: Guess who's back, \PN? It's SEC.
SEC: Aelita is damn right I'm back!
Okay, MIC CHECK! ONE TWO THREE! I am here to BEEE annoying.
Since Xara and Jean are skeletons, that means my new owners are my parents!
And they want you to not be a pest! So I'm here to be pest control!
AELITA: SEC, your talking pattern is not very consistent.
You talk in third person, and then you don't. Which is it?
SEC: Oh...
AELITA: ???
SEC: Suddenly I'm feeling murderous intent! Let's get going!
Figaro figaro figarooo...
SEC: So, before I go... Do you like shredded cheese, or?
AELITA: Stop stalling and blow up already.
AELITA: You know, I'm thinking the SEC units in this area are defective.
That would explain why they're acting so strange.
Either way, I'm glad SEC blew up.
ERICK: Hm... Maybe one of these buttons will do something?
ERICK: Saki... I'll make sure everything goes well. I promise!
ADAM: I thought Clear said she killed Crescent? How is she down here?
Not saying she's lying, but Clear isn't the kind of person to lie, you know?
I mean, I guess her whole thing IS lying. But...
What I'm trying to say is that I think she's telling the truth here.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
VALARIE: I don't know what's going on, but please be careful...
SEC: ...Yawn... Who turned on the brightness that are lights?
SEC: Oh, it's only you, slick.
Man, you sure do know how to annoy someone!
I didn't actually think you'd run up all the way here.
Not that I'm complaining...
Anyway, you know the song and dance now, right?
*SWITCHING TO BATTLE MODE*
You will fail.
What? Again? SEC loses?
SEC: HOW COULD YOU.
How could you do this to SEC again?
All SEC wanted was to see you succeed. To see you bring in that paper!
But all you do is reject me! Reject SEC all you want!
AELITA: This one has a stick of dynamite, too!
Wait, SEC, before you blow yourself up! I have a couple of questions for you!
SEC: A couple?! You only beat me once! You get one question!
AELITA: Once? Did you forget about your defeat on the bottom level?
SEC: The clock is ticking, pal. Do you really wanna argue?
AELITA: Fine... then answer this.
That Pokemon you used before was a Shadow Pokemon, right?
What are they and why didn't you use them this time!
SEC: That's two questions! You cannot trick SEC!
I will answer the latter.
I didn't use a Shadow Pokemon this time because production just start-
He exploded.
Argh... Whatever, what he said was good enough.
Looks like Shadow Pokemon are only just now being produced.
There probably aren't many out there at the moment.
We still don't know about Sensei's whereabouts, but this is good to know too!
We should be close now...
QUIZ GUY: You're the person who took my quiz back in Kristiline!!
I've been stuck down here for MONTHS! YEARS MAYBE!
Maybe not years in our time, at least.
I was just going to pull a practical joke and say that Madame X was the friends we've made along the way...
And then suddenly I'm thrown down here! With nothing to work with!
W-Wait, if you're here... That means the way out is open??
QUIZ GUY: That's cool and all, but... I kinda like it down here now...
I know I was complaining, but that was a few months worth of bottled up emotions coming out.
Now that it's out, I don't really care too much.
QUIZ GUY: Oh, well, that's okay. I've gotten quite accustomed to living down here.
There's always air coming through, and there's a bathroom...
Where? Uh... Over there somewhere.
Anyway, I kinda like it here so I'm not leaving.
Right now, anyway...
QUIZ GUY: I'll be fine down here, don't worry. I like it.
Feel free to lounge around and stuff. I don't mind.
Erick 1
Erick 2
Choose an imposter!
Favorite Character?
Gym Field?
Favorite Invention?
None
Rethink this...
Aelita 1
Aelita 2
Aelita, I'm sorry...
Could've been more clear!
How's Huey?
You're normal again!
You got it, bro
Sure.
Really? Ugh...
Let's go.
I have something to do.
You don't remember me?
It's me...
Perhaps
No.
[Map146]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Your party has been healed!
I-It's freezing...
Achoo!
Could you bring me a blanket or something?
This crystal is devoid of energy.
Activate the Valor Crystal?
All of the Valor Crystals scattered in the mountain have activated!
Valor energy filled the mountain to the brim!
Oh, it looks like you finally made it?
I guess I'll try to stop you even though I know I pretty much have no chance.
I lost? Oops.
That's generally what I expected so no big deal.
Activate the Neutral Crystal?
All of the Neutral Crystals scattered in the mountain have activated!
Neutral energy filled the mountain to the brim!
The Relics are floating above the altar! They must be providing some sort of power to this mountain...
WARNING!
This is not a peaceful floor! Wild Pokemon may attack!
Trial participants should proceed with caution.
GRUNT: I'm not here to bother you. I would rather chat.
Did you know that the people of Terajuma worship this mountain?
They believe it to be a manifestation of a certain God.
It's even said that, at some point, people used to reside within the mountain itself.
I wonder what happened that drove everyone out?
Yes
No
[Map147]
ERIN: Hmph, it really is locked.
Guess have to follow Cera after all.
Confront Angie?
ERIN: Wait, before we go in. Kanon, I need to ask you something...
KANON: ...?
SERVANT: Pull up! Pull up!
CERA: What is the meaning of this?!
SERVANT: It seems like these two were responsible for lifting Angie's spell.
We found them here like this. Completely encased in ice.
CERA: What a bother... When Angie hears this, she'll--
???: I am already aware of our circumstances.
ANGIE: So, these two are responsible for all this?
Scoundrels... Bless their hearts, for they have been given solace.
SERVANT: Forgive the question, but why are they frozen?
ANGIE: Within that spell is a trap I've laid out.
When the ice completely shatters, a wave of my power is dispelled.
Anyone, or anything caught within that burst would surely be frozen instantly.
CERA: But Lady Angie, I thought normal humans wouldn't be able to accomplish this.
These two are just ordinary humans. It shouldn't have been possible?
ANGIE: ...
It seems we have an infestation problem. I smell two more rats in our estate.
CERA: T-Two??
In that case, should I go snuff them out myself?
ANGIE: Unnecessary. They will make themselves known, in time.
Rats cannot stay hidden for long, lest they starve.
As for the ones frozen in ice... They shall become prized possessions.
Come, Cera.
ERIN: Locked.
???: As expected, they are out and about.
\sh\c[7]KANON: Anju!
KANON: W-Wahh!!!
\sh\c[7]ERIN: Kanon!
ERIN: ...
ANGIE: Ah, so now it's clear to me. You have a Servant in your possession.
ERIN: Actually, I just have someone with me. Nothing in my possession, thanks.
But I gotta say, I didn't expect for you to just show yourself here of all places.
ANGIE: Did you think you two could run around forever?
ERIN: Of course not. We were just waiting to make our dramatic entrance.
You ruined that, by the way.
ANGIE: No use in delaying the first act. The audience is waiting.
ERIN: We could spout wit back and forth all night long.
But I'm bored. So let's just cut to the chase.
Give back my friends, and there won't be any issues.
ANGIE: Any issues? You're the one that disturbed <i>me</i>.
ERIN: Perhaps, but see the reality is that I just don't care.
ANGIE: Your tongue is too sharp. Know your place, worm.
KANON: These are the things we saw try to attack that Wailord!
KANON: These are the things we saw freeze that Wailord!
ERIN: So they come from you, then?
Vivian had a Regirock familiar, so it's only natural for the Ice Queen to have a Regice.
ANGIE: It matters not. You will be my prized possessions too.
Freeze!
ERIN: Too slow.
ANGIE: Ahah, It looks like I'll have fun with you, Erin.
Please, keep exploring the castle to the fullest extent.
Let's see if you can make it through it all in one piece.
KANON: I know she's our enemy, but did you have to antagonize her so much?
ERIN: Yes.
KANON: Weren't you the one who was against bashing down doors so we wouldn't rile up Angie?!
KANON: Then why?
ERIN: Because she pissed me off.
Her faux authority combined with the fact that she called you a Servant rubbed me the wrong way.
KANON: But she's correct in saying that. I am indeed a Servant.
ERIN: Ugh.
I know you're classified as a "Servant", but you aren't anyone's slave.
But that's a conversation for another time.
KANON: ...
That aside, what's the plan now?
ERIN: It's the same. We'll probably run into some resistance now, though.
We should still be on the right path, though. This should lead to the lobby, right?
KANON: Er, yes. We should be able to get into the Courtyard that way.
ERIN: Good, let's get on that then.
ERIN: No way...
ERIN: This entire island was trapped within the ice?!
This defies all counts of logic.
KANON: I don't believe it...
ERIN: Yeah, me either. What the hell is going on?
KANON: No, I mean... I know this place. Yes, I'm certain of it!
This is Lady Anju's estate!
ERIN: Lady Anju's estate? What?
That means my suspicion was right...
KANON: This "Angie" person may be here, yes.
And considering what \v[12], Melia and Venam shared about their experiences with her...
Well, we should be careful.
ERIN: We should get into contact with Alexandra and Damien.
ERIN: ...They aren't picking up.
KANON: ...I can't even feel their presence. If I can't do that, then I cannot warp to them.
This may be a problem, Erin.
ERIN: Well, we can't leave. Our ship is completely surrounded by ice now.
It'll be dangerous, but our best bet would be to go in and look around.
KANON: This is all because I had to touch that star...
ERIN: Don't let it get to you. Besides, the Diamond Component is in here somewhere.
KANON: Right...
KANON: Ah, Erin. I was just looking for you.
We're quite close to our destination.
...
KANON: Oh, I see that you're reading. What are you reading?
ERIN: Sigh...\| What do you want, Kanon?
KANON: Well, seeing as you're the new tactician for your group, and I'm the tactician for Alexandra...
I was hoping we could collaborate in some way. Mesh our thoughts.
ERIN: Collaborate...?
KANON: Absolutely. If we're on the same team, it is beneficial to our mission if we do so.
Especially with such a vague understanding of what we're even looking for... It would help if we-
ERIN: I'm not interested.
KANON: Great, then I shall-
KANON: W-Wait, did you just say you weren't interested?
ERIN: That's right. I don't want to discuss strategy with you.
If you showed some inkling that you're not a total robot, then maybe.
KANON: I'm afraid I don't understand.
ERIN: I know you don't. You haven't understood ever since you ran off from the Rose Theatre.
ERIN: I will say, though... Looking for this Diamond Component is going to be interesting.
We don't even know what it looks like. Not its size, height, weight, etcetera.
And we're supposedly going to be diving for it?
I don't even think saying "finding a needle in a hay stack" is appropriate here.
KANON: We can perhaps alleviate some of our worries if we discuss strategy.
ERIN: You just don't give up, do you?
KANON: Alex and Nymiera both did say that persistence was my specialty.
ERIN: They sure aren't wrong.
At the very least, if we're diving, it'll be within clear and clean water.
And in Terajuma's hot climate, it should be refreshing.
KANON: Ah, have you ever been? Sounds like you know a lot.
ERIN: No, I haven't. I've never gone far from home, and when I did, it was to go to some library to complain.
Now that I think about it... Technically, that's where I first met \PN.
But I never asked for their name, or anything. I just told them to never visit that library again.
Hahahahahahahaha!
KANON: ...!
ERIN: Sorry, it's just... I can't believe I really did that.
That was months ago. I think it was in East Gearen City?
Anyway, it should be something to look forward to at least.
We should get some rest. We'll begin our expedition exactly at noon.
KANON: Certainly.
<ac>\ts[1]The next day...</ac>
ALEXANDRA: Alright, Damien and I will cover this section of the ocean.
Once we dive, put in the coordinates for your area and the ship will take you directly there.
KANON: Understood.
DAMIEN: Good. We'll be on our way then.
By the way, does this water look a little strange to anyone else?
KANON: Hm...?
ERIN: It's not as clear as I would've imagined, but it should be fine.
DAMIEN: Hmph. Whatever, we're going.
ERIN: Our turn, Kanon. Get ready.
ERIN: Uh, earth to Kanon. You doing alright?
KANON: Something down there... It's calling to me.
I...\| I can smell it!
ERIN: Y-\|You can <i>smell</i> it?
ERIN: What the??
\sh\c[7]Kanon!
Activate the Interceptor's Wish?
ERIN: I mean, I could've handled this myself, but...
I appreciate the helping hand.
SERVANT: I wonder what your fate will be? In the end?
ERIN: It doesn't even matter.
ERIN: Grab onto something!
ERIN: What the hell...
Kanon, what did you even do?
KANON: There was this sparkling object on the ground. I couldn't control myself.
ERIN: Learn some self control, will you?
KANON: No you don't understand... I physically couldn't control myself.
My body made me touch the sparkling object.
ERIN: ...What?
KANON: ...I apologize. I really don't know what came over me...
ERIN: Wait... It's gotten colder above ground now too.
SERVANT: Angie will have her way no matter what.
ERIN: We'll see about that.
SERVANT: Oooh! Ooh! I think there was a bite!
CERA: Well, well, well, well! Look at who we have here!
ERIN: And who are you supposed to be?
CERA: My name is Cera. I am Angie's right hand. Her personal Servant!
ERIN: So you're her dog, got it.
CERA: Ahah!\| <fs=24>Angie did say this one had an attitude...</fs>
ERIN: Whatever. You know why we're here. What's it gonna be?
CERA: I'm afraid that isn't possible. Angie still wishes to see more from both of you.
And I'll be the one to show her exactly what she wants.
ERIN: What's the point of observing us? Why is she delaying this so much?
CERA: If it's Angie's will, then it shall be. Simple as that.
But I have to say, she's quite impressed by you two!
We enjoy watching you two scurry through this mansion.
So much in fact, that I've decided that I want to join in on the fun.
Let's play a little game of hide and seek...
Find me, and I'll give you the key to the Main Hall.
ERIN: No more games!
CERA: Sorry!
ERIN: Damnit! She got away.
KANON: I'm afraid we have no choice but to follow her...
ERIN: ...Guess so.
ERIN: Hey, did Cera look familiar to you, by the way?
She reminds me of someone, but I can't put my finger on it.
KANON: Y-You see the resemblance too??
ERIN: Huh? You have an idea of who she looks like?
KANON: She does have quite a likeness to Vivian's assistant, Cella.
ERIN: That's it! Cella, or The Eldest.
That can't be a coincidence, right? Anju was good friends with Vivian and Cella.
KANON: Well, as stated many times, Servants are made by their Master's blood.
Which means that some of their likeness may slip through.
A Servant can be influenced by memories, personality, and physical appearance.
ERIN: Talking to Cella was one of the last things Anju did before going to Hiyoshi...
I'll take a mental note of that and come back to it.
For now we're being forced to play her stupid little game.
KANON: Yes, let's be careful.
Yes
No
[Map148]
MAID: It's around here somewhere... Why do I have to deal with all this?
But I'm quite busy so if you would...
ERIN: Hey you.
MAID: What do you want? Please don't scare me like that!
ERIN: Are you the one Bonita sent for those Rose-whatever roots?
MAID: P-Perhaps, but... Here's the thing...
I know this is for Angie, but it looks kinda tasty, don't you think?
I've been thinking... Maybe I should eat it myself!
ERIN: ...Servants are so weird. What's with you and wanting to eat stuff?
KANON: I must admit, it does sound quite appetizing...
ERIN: Oh for... Kanon, not you too?
Does Angie not feed all of you or something?
MAID: Servants aren't supposed to eat. I haven't been hungry before until recently...
Now that I think about it, it's after I met Bonita...
ERIN: I don't care. I really don't.
I just need you to bring back that root so that Kanon and I can be done with this.
MAID: Hm...
Think fast!
This sucks. I just want to eat me hearty rooty.
ERIN: We win! That means you go back to Bonita right now.
MAID: You two are so cruel... Fine, I shall do what I'm told.
ERIN: That's both of them. Let's get back to Bonita so we can get that damn key.
KANON: Lead the way.
ERIN: I will.
ERIN: That's one. The other one is somewhere on Anju's ship, right?
KANON: Yes, I do recall Bonita saying that.
ERIN: Let's get to it.
MAID: We work all day and night for Angie, and what? Nothing in return!!
Maybe I should just ditch and open up a haberdashery.
That's what I want to do!
ERIN: Another locked door. I bet our little game master is somewhere behind it.
KANON: I saw a ship just south of here. Maybe there's something in there we can take a look at?
MAID: I fell on a bottle of wine, but it looks like someone KILLED ME.
So I'm just going to pretend to be dead here for a little while... Thanks for talking to me.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
MAID: Oh, look at me! I'm blocking your way! Because Cera told me so!
What an exciting life I live! I just LOVE standing here for NO reason.
ERIN: How about you don't do that and step aside?
MAID: No.
ERIN: Well fine. We'll be on our way then.
ERIN: Would it even be worth it to ask what the hell is going on here?
???: Well hello there!
Welcome to Bonita's kitchen. I'm Bonita, the Big Boss~!
KANON: ...?
ERIN: We need the key for the locked door right outside the ship.
Have you seen it?
BONITA: Seen it? Well, I have it! It was given to me by Cera.
She told me to never hand it over to the two of you!
But you're in luck, sugar! I'll cut you a \|Big \|Deal~!
ERIN: I'm listening.
BONITA: You see, we got a Big Order from the Bigger Boss and my fellow cooks are being a handful!
Sent them out for ingredients you can find in this very cave!
Would you two be sweet and go look out for my two missing cooks?
KANON: If that's what will get us the key, then we'll oblige.
ERIN: Sure.
BONITA: Perfect! One of them should be inside the ship right about now!
The other one is probably hanging somewhere in the cave looking for Roseroot Figs.
ERIN: One on the ship and one in the cave? Seems simple enough.
We'll be back.
BONITA: We'll be waiting~!
ERIN: To think they have us running around like fools.
What would the others think if they saw this?
KANON: Erin.
ERIN: What is it?
KANON: The food Bonita was cooking. That's where the scent was coming from..................
It smells so GOOD. I have to have a taste! I just have to!
ERIN: Woah there. Let's dial it down a couple notches.
The soup needs to be finished before anyone even thinks about eating it.
That means we need to find those two Servants that are slacking off.
KANON: Yes, and we must hurry!
ERIN: Bonita, we found the two people you needed.
I'm assuming they gave you what you asked them for.
BONITA: They sure did! I have all the meals to finish up the Big Meal~!
ERIN: Good! Now give us the key.
BONITA: The key is actually being held on the highest floor of the ship.
Can someone be a Big Help and tell the Maid blocking the staircase to Angie's quarters?
MAID: I will do it, Bonita!
BONITA: A Big Thank You from me to you!
KANON: Say, what are you cooking anyway?
BONITA: Oh this? It's my hearty Death-By-One soup! It's a Big Favorite here.
KANON: I'm sorry if this is rude, but may I try? It smells delicious!
BONITA: Oh my... Honey, do you happen to be a Servant too?
KANON: That is correct.
BONITA: Well that explains it! My soup somehow attracts Servants.
But I wouldn't recommend drinking this! It's specifically made for Angie!
ERIN: Attracts Servants? I guess that would explain why Kanon and those two others were going nuts over it.
But for Kanon to notice it even behind that thick layer of ice... That's impressive.
KANON: So disappointing... Well, I'm sure it'll be the best thing she's ever eaten!
BONITA: It's going to be the last thing she ever eats.
ERIN: Huh?
BONITA: This soup is for her to eat, it's true. But it's been\| \c[2]poisoned.
KANON: P-Poison?!
BONITA: Yes, sugar. The poison is a Big Surprise~!
ERIN: ...
Those two ingredients my cooks went to go get were the toxic Vileplume Puffs and Roseroot Figs.
Alone they're harmless, but together... They make for a very lethal concoction~!
As a matter of fact, it's time to add them to the Big Batch~!
BONITA: One Roseroot Fig~!
BONITA: And one Vileplume Puff!
ERIN: Listen, I get it, but also why? Why poison her? Aren't you-
BONITA: Her Servants? Yes, that's true! But we're what you would call "Aberrants".
KANON: Aberrants...?
BONITA: That's correct! Aberrants are Servants that have gone in a different path than usual.
All the Servants you've encountered here have been banished because we've deviated.
By Angie.
She's forsaken us, and so, in return, we shall do the same.
KANON: Th-This is unprecedented!
Us Servants are supposed to follow our Masters without question!
That's... That's what I was taught.
ERIN: Kanon, please.
BONITA: You just aren't seeing the Big Picture.
You're a Servant too, right? Too good at that. We've decided to break away.
And we've all agreed that this is the only way to break free completely!
KANON: Even so, that's Lady Anju! Nymiera wouldn't forgive me for letting you lot harm her in any way!
I won't allow it!
ERIN: KANON!
KANON: ...I.
BONITA: You've just made...\| A Big Mistake.
ERIN: Uh, we're very sorry about your poisonous stew, but...
I'm just going to take my trouble making friend and leave.
Thanks for the key!
KANON: ...I understand you're upset by my outburst, but...
ERIN: Upset? I'm not upset.
\ts[1]However.
What. The.\| HELL?\| KANON.
You couldn't have at least given me any type of warning?
If I didn't pull us out of there, we probably would have been attacked again.
KANON: I know... I'm sorry.
I just... I snapped. Something inside me felt a surge of rage.
To see those Servants turn on their Master...
Something in my head just kept yelling at me. It kept saying "Punish them! Punish them!"
ERIN: ...????
Whatever. I don't think I would've let them serve that poisonous stew to Angie anyway.
Even if she is our enemy, I don't think it would be wise to just kill her.
Something happened to her, and we need to find out what.
Just give me a heads up before you're about to go feral-crazy next time, yeah?
KANON: Got it...
ERIN: Anyway, that Bonita had a temper didn't she?
KANON: She did.
ERIN: Venam told me that when \v[12] defeated Angie, she went berserk and had this aura around her.
Bonita had something similar happen to her, didn't she?
That would confirm what you said is true. Servants really do take from their Master.
In that state, Angie loses her calm demeanor and becomes reckless.
Hm...
ERIN: Probably best that we don't go back in there again.
KANON: Oh... I remember this place. It's Angie's beloved vessel.
This is how she traveled along and visited Nymiera.
ERIN: I saw her take off in this thing after we were done in Sheridan Village.
But that was a long time ago. The fact that it stood against the test of time this well is a miracle.
KANON: Doubtful. I bet Anju took very good care of this thing.
ERIN: If only she took just as much care for herself.
KANON: ...I suppose so.
MAID: There's a lot of loud noise coming from upstairs... Is something going on with Angie?
MAID: Knives are kinda like... chop chop chop... heheh.
HOSANNA: They say liars lie because it's the only thing they can do to survive.
Why tell the truth when it gets you hurt? Why put yourself in that situation?
I would be lying if I said I was having fun right now.
HOSANNA: All good things end eventually.
ERIN: Thanks for that. By the way, the sky is blue.
HOSANNA: You'll learn to regret what you've done here today.
ERIN: Probably not.
KANON: Erin...?
ERIN: Hm? What's the matter?
KANON: I know everyone's been avoiding me.
ERIN: I'd be surprised if you didn't.
KANON: Ever since Alex put me through the "Dragon's Trial" on Route 7...
I've been feeling different. I've never told anyone because I didn't want anyone to be burdened by me again.
But then when I was left behind again at the Rose Theater... Those feelings of being a burden ate me up.
And as such, I set out on my own. To find Alexandra and find out why I was feeling the way I did.
When I did, she unlocked the final block on my past self and I realized who I was.
I thought that with my old self being realized, I would be fine with my feelings of being lesser.
But that wasn't the case. It still was eating me up on the inside.
Why does it do that? It contradicts with what a Servant really is.
We ARE supposed to be lesser. We have no other purpose but to serve.
ERIN: It feels like trash because it's an awful viewpoint and harmful as well.
KANON: Huh...?
ERIN: You think anyone wants to feel like they're less of a person,\| for anything?
I don't care what you claim to be. Human or not, you still possess emotions.
Everyone avoided you because you kept going on with this shtick of being "less human" than the rest of us.
You may not realize it, but it's so damn uncomfortable.
KANON: I see... So I have failed you.
ERIN: SHUT UP!
ERIN: You're seriously starting to piss me the fuck off!\| Enough with the self-pity!
The only one you're failing is yourself. Stand up for yourself for Arceus' sake!
KANON: ...
ERIN: Nothing to say for yourself, yet again. I'm not surprised.
KANON:\ts[1] Why am I like this?
I don't want to be like this anymore.
ERIN: Then don't. Change. Stop acting like a tool. Literally and figuratively.
If you don't, then you can say goodbye to any friendship you even have left.
ERIN: Look, if you want to discuss this later, we can.
But right now we have a job to do, or did you forget?
KANON: No. I didn't forget.
ERIN: Okay then. Put your feelings aside for now.
KANON: Yes... Very well.
KANON: This voice in my head... Why won't you leave me alone?
Whose... voice is this? I... I don't recognize it.
No, I definitely do, but... I don't want to remember...?
ERIN: Looks like we've finally escaped.
Kanon, are you okay?
KANON: *Wimper*...
CERA: Y-You... You're nothing short of a demon...
Melia caused Angie to dissolve into a fit of rage...
But that will be nothing compared to how she will react to you..
ERIN: You think I care what Angie thinks of me? Let alone anyone else?
I've come too far to let some old hag judge me because she's deep within her own crooked mind.
CERA: It's not surprising that you can't even begin to fathom the truth.
Nothing can be more beneath me than a wretched devil, and a Servant that refuses to learn its place!
\sh\c[7]ERIN: Don't you dare belittle Kanon!
All you and Angie do is look down upon people!
CERA: Let...\| Go of me this instant!
ERIN: What's wrong? I thought you liked being above people?
But if you're having a change of heart, then let me humble you.
CERA: Grgh...
CERA: Wh-What would a witch like you know about Servants' feelings?
ERIN: I've seen,\| no\|, felt Kanon's pain.
We're one and the same. A victim of the same person.
Kanon, stand up. You can't fall into this pit of despair.
ERIN: Don't let anyone else determine your worth. Servant or not, you're a being with emotion.
What difference is there between us? We're all walking together on the path of paradise.
Isn't that what Nymiera would've wanted for you? For all of us?
KANON: Erin...\| You're right. I won't give into Vitus here.
I will stand up for myself.
Remembering all that pain Vitus put me through centuries ago...
I never want to experience something like that ever again.
Servant or not, I wish to be happy as well!
CERA: D-Disgusting. I will never understand. I refuse to acknowledge-
???: Enough with this pointless drivel.
ERIN: Angie.
ANGIE: I've seen enough.
The endless back and forths between you all is beginning to bore me.
You have the key to my throne room, do you not?
Then let us settle this once and for all.
ERIN: Hmph.
ANGIE: As for you? What a shameful display.
Tell me how you intend to keep serving under my wing when you fail at every corner of every mission.
CERA: Lady Angie, I...\| Forgive my incompetence...
ANGIE: Forgiveness comes in the form of action, not words.
Return to me and await our next trial.
CERA: Y-Yes, of course!
ERIN: They're gone.
Angie practically asked us to get up there and kick her ass.
We should go.
Saving Alexandra and Damien is our top priority.
ERIN: What is it, Kanon?
KANON: Thank you...\| Thank you so much...
You've seen my past... You've accepted me for who I am.
I've been struggling to see my worth for so long...
Vitus made me believe that I was nothing more than a tool to be used.
Even when I repressed my memory of him, the scars remained.
I've been nothing but a nuisance. Nothing more than weight pulling everyone down with me.
ERIN: ...It's okay, Kanon.
We were no better for alienating you.
That only further implanted your insecurities and brought them to the surface.
ERIN: Kanon, I don't believe in fate. Conversely, I believe this was meant to happen to both of us.
For us to work together, we needed an understanding-- A common goal.
Two supposed abominations, abused by the same evil.
Let's work together this time. As family.
KANON: Family...?
ERIN: We're not blood relatives, but we were both created by Vitus.
And we've both been rejected by him. We're not of this world.
Let's finally work together and end all of this.
Then afterwards, Melia, Ren, \v[12], Aelita... Everyone.
We'll live in an era of peace, and if that era is ever threatened, we'd defend it with our lives.
What do you say, Kanon?
KANON: Your wish is not my command. It is my choice to accept.
ERIN: Heh... I thought you were a Servant, not a genie.
I'm glad you're with me, Kanon.
Let's end this.
ERIN: It looks like this leads back to Angie's manor.
KANON: We have no use going back up there while Cera is down here.
ERIN: Yeah. Let's take a look around here for now.
KANON: Agreed.
MAID: If I don't finish the Kingler Stew soon, Bonita's going to use me for the meal instead!
I... I gotta get cooking!
PATTY: Don't worry! I'll get these to Bonita soon!
ERIN: You better.
PATTY: I gave Bonita the ingredient she wanted so you don't have to worry!
ERIN: About that...
I think you should stay clear of Bonita for a little while.
PATTY: ???
BONITA: If my maids aren't back in time for the Big Feast, they're gonna be in Big Trouble~!
ERIN: No good. It won't budge.
KANON: Do you smell that? It smells... Delightful!
If I remember correctly, Anju had a kitchen on the lower level.
We should go see what's cooking!
ERIN: ...This is no time to think about food, Kanon. But fine.
KANON: I-I'm just simply-- No, I have no excuse.
ERIN: At least you're honest. If you're hungry you should just say so.
MAID: Pleeeasssseee, Patty? Just one taste!
PATTY: Hmmm... No!
ERIN: P-Patty?!
Aren't you the girl who works at Mika's Cafe at Grand Dream City?!
PATTY: Ohmygosh!! I know who you are! Yeah, I've totally seen you and your friends when I'm on shift!
ERIN: What are you doing here?
PATTY: Okay, so a loooonng time ago, I went to Kristiline Town to get a job and some Maid said sure!
But ever since Angie was defeated, the maids left and I was out of a job!
So I had to go all around Aevium to even-
ERIN: To the point, Patty.
PATTY: Right, right, right. So a few weeks ago while I was on my way home from my shift, I ran into one of my old maid friends!
It was a shocker because I didn't see her since, like, a ton of months ago.
She was like "Hey Patty, do you wanna help us freeze over the world, resulting in the possible extinction of humanity?"
And I was like, um.... Yes?? Omg.
And she was like "Yay! I have a boat ready for us. Let's end humanity, and stuff."
KANON: I thought I had problems...
PATTY: Anyway, what are you doing here?
ERIN: We're on a quest to help Bonita find her cooks that are slacking off.
PATTY: Oh, that's me!
ERIN: You don't say?
PATTY: I was here getting the jars of spices I brought from GDC.
Bonita asked me for um... V- Vile... Vilep.. \| D'oh, it slips my mind.
MAID: Never mind these two. I just want a little taste!
PATTY: Mmmm... No!
ERIN: If that's what Bonita wants, then we're not leaving without it.
MAID: NO. I WANT IT!
Why won't you let me have any?!
ERIN: I'm getting bored of this. Can you please stop being an issue?
MAID: Fine... I just wanted to try it out because I heard the taste is GNARLY!!!
PATTY: Well, anyway, I'm going to on ahead and give this to Bonita, so...
You all need to get out of my room now!
Bye-bye!
ERIN: Well that happened.
KANON: Can we really trust Patty to give them to Bonita?
ERIN: It's not like she can hide if she doesn't. We'll just hunt her down.
I don't think it will get to that point, though.
KANON: If you say so.
ERIN: Anyway, that's both of them. Let's go check back with Bonita.
ERIN: That's one. The other one is somewhere in the cave, right?
ERIN: Huh? What's this?
KANON: Did you find something, Erin?
ERIN: "Anju of Kristiline Forced to Repair Damages by Order of Region."
That's the title of what I assume to be an old newspaper.
KANON: Oh... I remember that controversy. Very sticky.
ERIN: Controversy?\| Explain.
KANON: Anju used to have a business surrounding her ability to create Never-Melt Ice.
An ice cream company ordered her Never-Melt Ice in bulk.
But shortly after that, the sales of the company began to plummet drastically.
The owner of the company blamed Anju's ice for being the cause.
Anju fought it in court, but lost. Resulting in her having to undo all of what she made.
Which from what I remember, was a lot. Anju was patient, but once you set her off, she had a bit of a temper.
ERIN: I see. So Anju can undo her own creation if necessary?
KANON: She can, and it's instantaneous as well.
ERIN: I see... Very good to know.
ERIN: What the hell? IT'S COLD...
I guess that means we're still close by...
KANON: Precisely. If I am remembering correctly, this is Anju's Cellar.
ERIN: The Cellar, huh? That would explain all the kegs of alcohol.
KANON: And the packaged portions of food.
Anju used to throw huge banquets for her townspeople at Christmas time.
ERIN: I think I've had enough of parties after our time in the ballroom.
ERIN: Whatever you say, Kanon.
MAID: Going through all of these boxes is such a bother.
Who knew Angie was so picky with food?
ERIN: I guess evil people still need to eat.
I wonder what Angie's favorite dish is...?
MAID: Oh, don't mind me. I'm just exercising. We don't get much time to do that anywhere else.
MAID: All I wanted was a little taste... Is that so bad?
ERIN: Yes.
MAID: Yes, yes, I know you're playing games with Cera and all...
MAID: I kind of want to visit the actual islands of Terajuma!
Like, I want a room at the Teila Resort! I want to be pampered!
HELAH: You've defeated all of my other comrades...
That's not a lie, is it...? This isn't some game? Why are you doing this?
ERIN: I can ask you the same thing, but I guarantee I won't get a good answer.
I cannot understand it. Why do you oppose Angie so much?
HELAH: Angie won't stand for this.
ERIN: You're right, she's gonna sit down after WE humble HER.
I've got a bone to pick with that woman.
HELAH: When Angie takes care of you, I'll take great pleasure in watching you torn bit from bit.
MAID: I just... couldn't... hold up...
ERIN: Your game of hide and seek is over. We won, you lost.
Now, if you would be so kind and hand over that key.
CERA: Gladly. After all, those were the conditions.
ERIN: Good. We'll be on our way now. But I'm sure we'll see you again momentarily.
CERA: Just one moment.
ERIN: What is it now?
CERA: It's just that I can't help but be curious about a certain individual.
Kanon, was it?
KANON: Huh? What do you require of me?
CERA: I've been watching you. Unsurprising, I know.
But I can't help but be completely enamored by you!
I haven't seen a Servant so confused since Bonita was born into this world.
KANON: Confused? What do you mean?
CERA: Seeing a Servant conflict themselves over their purpose is absolutely ghastly!
Perhaps you'd like to know? I could find out for you...
KANON: Wh...\|What?
ERIN: Kanon, just ignore this witch. Don't get sidetracked.
CERA: Lady Angie thinks highly of me. She's shown me how to use Cold Truth.
Do you want to know why it's called Cold Truth?
Upon being hit by it, you see a truth you've been repressing, or curious about.
This truth is brought to the surface without your input.
ERIN: Absolutely not. Don't even think of trying it.
KANON: I...
CERA: Don't you want to know?\| It's eating you up on the inside, isn't it?
KANON: No... That won't be-
CERA: Too bad.
Endure your Cold Truth!
ERIN: Kanon!
[Map149]
There's a wing missing on this Kingdra statue.
I remember seeing something similar like it down in Phasial Cave.
The stream on Route 3 has small holes that travel down into Phasial Cave, so...
Ah, pay me no mind.
That Kingdra statue attacked when you placed the wing on the broken part...
Perhaps someone meant for this to happen?
This is a very strange statue of a Kingdra.
There's a wing missing on the statue.
Looks like the Ancient Wing will fit. Place it on the statue?
\PN placed the Ancient Wing.
...
???: ...Ancient Wing has been recovered.
STATUE: Trainer identified.
Trainer requires right of passage?
A test shall be given first.
Prepare for battle.
STATUE: Trainer has successfully completed task.
Trainer has been given the right of passage.
You left the statue alone.
It's a statue of a legendary Kingdra.
It's a beautifully crafted bell. It looks quite old.
Oh dear...Was it you who completed the Kingdra trial?
You must be a very powerful trainer if you were able to do such a thing.
I wonder if you're the one we needed...
I'm surprised to see that a trainer has located us...
I was so sure throwing the Kingdra wing down the stream would get rid of it for sure.
But lo' and behold, I was wrong yet again.
Perhaps you can help us out with our studies?
I'm surprised you were able to accomplish this! Thank you for everything you've done!
I wonder why they call this place "Mirage Woods"?
Where is the mirage..? A-Am I the mirage? Are you the mirage?!
Are there any other mirages I need to know about?!
It's wonderful that you were able to find us, but we can't let you past this point no matter what.
We risk all of our findings to be completely destroyed if we did.
Besides, I don't think what we're doing would interest you that much anyway.
I heard that there was a secret to this place, but I can't really find anything...
Maybe I should pack up and head on home.
It's too bad that I wasn't able to find it, but I think the adventure was worth it!
We're researching an extremely rare Pokemon called "Zubat".
While common in other regions, there aren't many Zubats in the Aevium Region.
I wonder why that is?
Now that Crobat is gone, I think I'm going to try and catch a Zubat for myself!
Yes
No
[Map150]
ERIN: ...
MAID: I still can't move.
ERIN: I'm sure.
ERIN: Get out of my way.
MAID: ...
ERIN: Are you stupid? Did you not hear what I said?
Get out of my way, or I'll make you.
MAID: I believe that will be impossible. I cannot move even if I chose to do so.
I don't even know if I'm real. Perhaps I'm some sort of obstacle.
ERIN: There's no "perhaps" about it. You are. An annoying one at that.
ERIN: Fine, I'll let you stand there like the statue you are.
I'll find another way around, I'm sure.
Confront Angie?
ERIN: Wait, before we go in. Kanon, I need to ask you something...
KANON: ...?
ERIN: Of course.
CERA: Well, well, well! Look who's prancing around where she shouldn't?
ERIN: Trust me, if I had a say in where I ended up, it would not be here.
How about next time, before you blast someone into another dimension-- Adjust your aim?
It can't be hard to hit a target that literally was not moving in any way, shape or form.
But I suppose a task like that is just too much for someone so simple-minded.
CERA: Anyway, I'll have you know that my Cold Truth's aim was true.
You weren't hit, but somehow here you are.
An unfortunate event for you, m'dear. For the Cold Truth shows all to those who wander.
Perhaps a secret even unbeknownst to you shall be revealed.
I anticipate what that may be.
ERIN: Hmph.
ERIN: If Vitus himself proclaims to be God, then I proclaim myself to be the Devil.
A monster that fights against God itself. I take upon that role.
I promised long ago that I would protect my brother and sisters...
And that promise will not go unkept.
ERIN: I can't believe it's taken me this long to remember.
I don't think I ever would have if it weren't for Cera.
This is the truth that's been hiding deep within my heart.
My uncertainty, my lack of placement in this world... It's all making sense to me.
My role... My duty to this world. Is to stop Vitus Theolia from destroying it.
And I sense him. He's somewhere out there.
And as long as he is, peace for everyone is impossible.
I will be the demon that brings forth new opportunity!
ERIN: First I need to get Kanon and break this world from its seams.
I can't do anything if I'm stuck within this void for all eternity.
CERA: Let's just see what's hiding deep within your mind.
I shall uncover that truth you've worked so hard to mask.
???: Let us create new life, out of the power of our true God.
???: A fine suggestion. Let us create them out of both of our hearts.
???: Yes, Vitus. Together, we shall create a being that will be one with us.
VITUS: Yes, Nymiera. This being will be filled with love, and will be loved.
That is what our creator would have wanted for all of us.
NYMIERA: Very well then. Let's begin.
NYMIERA: His aura has taken shape. It won't be long now until he's finally here.
Let us put our heart and soul into him.
VITUS: It will be perfect.
???: ...
NYMIERA: He's beautiful... Welcome, my wonderful friend!
VITUS: You are now here to serve us. You shall be named-
NYMIERA: Wait one moment, Vitus. Would it not be appropriate for him to choose his own name?
VITUS: A bit... unprecedented, don't you think? Naming it would be far more-
NYMIERA: Nonsense! Please, friend, what is the name that speaks to you?
???: I think I like the name...\| Kanon.\| Is that's fine?
NYMIERA: Marvelous! Your name from now on will be Kanon!
NYMIERA: Kanon, I'm going to be away for a little while.
I shall be visiting Princess Kasumi. I would like you to stay here and assist Vitus.
KANON: I understand. I'll work to the best of my ability.
KANON: Master Vitus. Now that Nymiera is on her trip, I wanted to plan something.
VITUS: Speak. What is it you want from me, Servant?
KANON: I believe a festival to celebrate our prosperous year should be in order.
Although it's short notice, I think it will be fun in the long-
VITUS: "Fun"? What does a Servant know about "Fun"?
It is not your duty to experience something reserved for humans only.
Nymiera may have given you the idea that this is acceptable...
KANON: Sir... I-
VITUS: But there is a way a Servant shall behave and I'll make sure these lessons stick with you for life!
ERIN: What the...? Where did I end up now?
Argh... I'm so sick of these games.
If this is the sort of stuff that happens to \v[12] and the others, then I understand why everyone is so... disturbed.
ERIN: And now I've got to look for Kanon. Fantastic.
This is all just amazing. Can I not do one thing without being sent to some alternate dimension?!
Cool it, Erin. Eyes on the prize. Get Kanon and get out of... wherever this is.
You've done it once, and you can do it again.
Right. Let's do this.
ERIN: Oh... Where am I now? Am I somewhere different?
No, I'm in the same place. The area has just changed a bit.
Cera said that the truths shown in this place either show something suppressed...
Or a truth that's related and or associated with you.
So this place will show me something.
Huh?
Who are you?
ERIN: What the...?
ERIN: "The Night Witch."
What does this place have to do with me?
???: Oh... a visitor. That's rare. I wonder who it is?
???: Welcome to the humble abode of the Night Witch. How can I assist you today?
???: Shayda, it's me.
SHAYDA: Oh...! It's an old friend who said she'd "never come back here".
Yet, here she is again~! Nice to see you, Anathea.
What can I do for an old friend today?
ANATHEA: The spell I came here for last time...\| It worked.
SHAYDA: Of course it did. When would I ever let you down?
"I want someone to save me. I want someone to finally love me."
That was what you said last time, yes?
ANATHEA: Yes, and it worked. Too well.
I found someone who loved me,\| at first.
But he's grown into a terrible and bitter man.
Vitus was so kind to me when we first met.
He took me to places, he told me how much he loved me, and then...
Vitus got into contact with that Gardevoir and things started to change...
SHAYDA: Take my advice.\| He's not worth it, leave him.
Any man who doesn't respect you doesn't deserve you, darling.\| And that's that.
ANATHEA: It's not that simple...
SHAYDA: Sigh... Well, I'm not here to be your therapist, so I won't convince you.
What do you need me to get done?
ANATHEA: I need a spell that will get him to love me again.
To treat me how he used to. Back when we first dated.
SHAYDA: Ahh... I know I said I wasn't your therapist, but I believe my curiosity says otherwise.
Tell me, Anathea... Why can't you leave this Vitus man?
ANATHEA: He's a good man. I know he is. He's just been... corrupted.
SHAYDA: Being a "good man" isn't enough. He needs to be there for you.
ANATHEA: I...\| I can't leave him because I'm too deep in debt.
After we've married, he's taken 75% of my father's wealth.
If I try to leave, he might take the Marble Mansion...\| I refuse to live in poverty again.
SHAYDA: May I suggest something to you, Anathea?
Instead of going through with this love spell... Perhaps I can do something a tad more sinister.
\c[6]I can kill him for you.
ANATHEA: K-Kill him!?
SHAYDA: With him dead you can reclaim your fortune and live a peaceful life.
All your troubles can be erased with one spell.
Just say the word "yes" and I'll have it be done.
ANATHEA: N-No! I'm not going to have anyone be killed!
Shayda, this is why I didn't want to come here. You always go back to violence!
I just want to be able to live a happy life with my family, that's it!
SHAYDA: So robbing him of free will and forcing him to love you isn't wrong either?
Deary, everything you've done to get Vitus is because of the power of the dark arts.
Desperation is an illness, and you succumbed to it.
Not that I'm judging you for that, of course. This is why I'm here, right?
If false love is what you want, I can make it happen, but it comes with a price.
The spell brings in the saying "Till death do us part" a little more literally.
Vitus will love you with all his heart, but if you were to die, the spell would break.
ANATHEA: ...
I understand. Please do it, Shayda.
SHAYDA: Very well. I shall do it for my old friend Anathea.
ERIN: My head...
That woman in the cloak... Anathea. Her voice was so familiar.
Why do I feel like I want to break down? I'm never like this...
I can't let this place break me. If I fall here, we'll all be lost to it...
ERIN: The lack of brain cells is staggering.
ERIN: Please move aside.
Fine.
VITUS: Know your worth, slave. You're nothing more than an object.
KANON: That's not what Nymiera said... She said I was her friend.
VITUS: Nymiera lacks control. It is impossible to be friends with objects.
Learn your place!
KANON: Master, I beg-
ERIN: I should've guessed.
You commit atrocities again and again to fulfill your disgusting desires.
While you are in this world, no one is safe!
VITUS: Eriena... How dare you disobey your father!
ERIN: You're not the real Vitus, but a figment of Kanon's truth.
But even looking at you here fills me with a great amount of rage.
VITUS: Children that refuse to listen deserve nothing more than harsh punishment.
ERIN: Oh, and let me reiterate this to you, Vitus.
You are not my father!
Yes
No
[Map151]
???: Hehehe...
AELITA: ...
???: Hehehe... You two were pretty cool out there, you know?
AELITA: Ah, so it does speak.
???: Of course I can speak! I'm the Puppet Master!
AELITA: Yeah, I kind of figured.
Why'd you go and attack us like that before?
PUPPETMASTER: Well, I had to test your strength as a team!
You two better get used to battling more together anyway, you'll need it.
Don't worry, I have a gift for your victory later.
AELITA: A gift? What are you talking about?
PUPPETMASTER: Heh, don't worry about that for now.
You'll be getting that gift a bit later.
AELITA: Fine, then let's get right to it.
I want you to tell me how I can fix myself. I want to go back to being the person I used to be.
Who I am right now... This isn't me.
PUPPETMASTER: Hehehe... I may know how to revert you back...
But sorry, I refuse to tell!
AELITA: What?!
PUPPETMASTER: That's something you'll have to figure out on your own.
It's crucial to your development as a person, after all.
Now, I must apologize, for I am the one who made sure rumors spread to your ears.
I needed you here in Nightmare City, but I could not force you to come.
People must visit this place by their own free will.
Hehehe... Though, tricking people to come here is something I specialize in.
It's easy to get anyone to believe anything if you make it show up in their dreams often.
And if you get multiple people to experience that same dream, they'll think it's real or something.
Having power over what people dream can be very powerful...
AELITA: Why you... little insignificant!
PUPPETMASTER: Hey, hey! Hands off the goods, missy!
There's no reason to hit me! I brought you both here for good reason!
AELITA: It better be a goddamn good reason.
PUPPETMASTER: I needed you two to reunite! You two must be inseparable!
AELITA: You needed us to reunite? I mean, I appreciate it I guess, but...
What's so important about us being a team? We've done well alone before?
PUPPETMASTER: Yeah, and look where that got you two.
You were trapped in a coma for a long time, yeah?
I saw what happened on Valor Mountain through a young girl's dream.
What a sloppy event that was. The whole thing probably could've been avoided if there wasn't a lack of communication.
PUPPETMASTER: You amateurs have no idea what's in store, and it's really funny.
You all think this little game is just black and white, back and front...
Newsflash, the world doesn't revolve around your little group.
Your fight against Team Xen is only one shard of the thousand-piece puzzle.
AELITA: It would help if we actually knew what we were fighting for!
This whole time we've been fighting Team Xen because that's just what had to be done!
What's their motive? Why are they doing all of this?
Yet everyone wants to remain silent and leave us in the dark.
We're blindly running into danger because we were told to do so!
PUPPETMASTER: ...
So... You want to know what Team Xen is planning?
Instead of telling you outright, I think it would be best to move you in the right direction.
You'll know what I mean when you receive your gift, Aelita.
As for you \PN...
We are quite alike, aren't we?
Interceptor, oh Interceptor? Whose mind will you inhabit next?
Dream a dream so grand it becomes a nightmare...
AELITA: What are you rambling about now?
Enough with the riddles. Why are we here and what do you want from us?!
PUPPETMASTER: All right, all right...
Well, first, I needed to get Alice and Allen out of that cruddy dimension.
I told them to get \PN to come here because I needed to speak with them.
They'll be important for later, but I thought it'd be best to get them acquainted with everyone.
Don't you just love my kind heart?
Anyway, I came here to warn you about something.
AELITA: Just say it already.
PUPPETMASTER: PUSHY. Listen closely, children~!
"Eight souls, shine like gold...
To create grim future they must behold.
One soul out of the eight shall slice down their destiny in two, creating a new path.
A path that has already been decided. A future that I've seen only once before.
A path that will lead the world in a new era of destruction."
AELITA: That told us absolutely nothing.
What are we supposed to do with that kind of information?
PUPPETMASTER: Morning comes... and thus I fade away.
We will meet again, I'm sure, oh young Interceptor.
Perhaps it won't be in this time, or dimension, or space...
But oh, young Interceptor... oh Interceptor... Whose mind will you inhabit next?
To quote an old friend of mine.
\ts[2]Sayonara.
Sleep tight! Don't let the bed bugs bite!
AELITA: Wait, you didn't tell us anything!
Hey!
PUPPETMASTER: Oh... and one last thing, \PN.
Beware.
Beware the Xenpurgis.
PUPPET MASTER: No...
Failure...?
My plan... failed?
No...
I won't give up...
It's a Sableye plush!
Locked.
It's a Pangoro plush!
It's a Misdreavus plush!
It's a Zorua plush!
It's a Lilligant plush!
AELITA: Huh? Where are they? The Puppet Master is supposed to be here right?
What kind of stupid joke is this?
A music box winds up...
AELITA: Are you guys... The Puppet Master?
???: ...
Hehehehe...
Hehehe...
AELITA: What's your deal? Why'd you go and attack us like that?
MAGENTA: Hehehe...
NEON: Hehehe...
AELITA: Wait, don't go!
C'mon, you can't just attack us and then take off when you lose!
What do we do now, \PN?
AELITA: Wait a moment, there's something inside of this small box.
There's a whole other room in this small box, actually.
We might as well go and check it out...
A door unlocks nearby...
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
Contact Jan?
ZETTA: ...
What? Did you expect to see Jan here or something?
Didn't I tell you that this place isn't exactly a real area?
By the way... Who's Jan again? I don't really know him, that's just what The Puppet Master told me to say.
Anyway, if you want advice on how to beat The Puppet Master, contact me again
You didn't think it would be that easy, did you?
Even if you're invited, you gotta work for what you want. Sayonara.
ZETTA: You really wanna know something? I guess I gotta answer.
What do you want to know then?
ZETTA: There are two Puppet Masters here. I think that's because he wants to test you and Aelita simultaneously...
Magenta is the master of Offense. Neon is the master of Defense.
Magenta's ace is Medicham. Neon's ace is Musharna.
As for their shared signature move, Psyche Terror, is a 60 BP Pyschic move that can sometimes leave a burn.
That's it. That's all you get.
ZETTA: What can I really say that isn't already obvious?
Grounded Pokemon's Psychic attacks deal x1.5 damage.
Dark attacks get a decrease in strength by 0.5x. Easy, right?
The effects of moves like Calm Mind, Nasty Plot, Cosmic Power etc are increased. EASY, RIGHT?
If you want more info please take a look at the Field Effect Manual.\| Whatever that means.
Don't look at me like that! The Puppet Master told me to say that!
ZETTA: Look, it's easy. Magenta is offense and squishy. Neon is defensive and tankish.
Focus Magenta and you'll be fine.
Oh, and heads up. Magenta's Medicham can Mega Evolve. Yep. It can.
Contact Zetta?
ZETTA: Back again? Fine, I'll repeat what I said before.
The Puppet Masters, Magenta and Neon use Psychic-Type Pokemon.
But here's the thing, he uses more Pokemon than what the average person does.
This is because he wants to fight both you and Aelita at the same time.
So if you were stressing out because of the numbers- Don't... I'll think you'll be fine.
Magenta is the offensive Puppet Master. She'll be the one doing all the damage.
Neon, on the other hand, will be a pain in the ass if you don't take care of them.
They will do nothing but support Magenta. Take out the supports first.
And I don't think I need to say this, but this fight will be happening on the Psychic Field.
Dark Type Pokemon won't be as useful here. I recommend bringing in Bug-Types.
That's all the information I have for now. I gotta go. Good luck out there, \PN.
Sayonara.
...
Zetta isn't responding.
It's a Rowlet plush!
A mysterious force prevents you from going any further...
ANABEL: So, this is the place then?
The Toy Box in the real world is said to be just an empty building, but...
ANABEL: Hold on, aren't these Gym Guide panels? Are you calling Zetta with this?
ZETTA: Yawn... Who brought me back to life? I was having a nice nap.
Wait... I thought my job here was done?
ANABEL: Yes... Yes, this is Zetta himself! This is wonderful!
ZETTA: ...Uh? Hello? \PN, did you set me up for a blind date?
ANABEL: One would find this scenario weird, but that's not what matters right now.
Zetta, I'd like to ask you a few questions, if that's alright?
ZETTA: I can't exactly leave, so why not? Ask away.
ANABEL: Why is it that you're the only one who can create Dimensional Rifts?
ZETTA: Ma'am... That's a bit personal.
I'd get into way more trouble at Xen HQ if I blab about all that.
ANABEL: But you aren't a part of Team Xen anymore... Technically?
ZETTA: I mean... I guess you're right?
To tell you the truth, I'm not really sure myself.
ANABEL: Not even you know why?!
ZETTA: As soon as I was created, I was promptly put into training.
At first I wasn't able to do anything. They thought of destroying me because I was useless.
But then Nastasia came up with this device that I put on my hand.
ANABEL: You mean that red gauntlet on your hand?
ZETTA: Uh, yeah! There's nothing in the gauntlet, though.
It feels and looks like any other regular glove. I don't know why this enabled me to create Rifts.
ANABEL: That's an unfortunate answer.
By chance, do you happen to know what Rift Matter is?
ZETTA: Where the hell did you hear about Rift Matter?
ANABEL: So you do know what Rift Matter is?!
ZETTA: Supposedly, according to Nastasia, I was created by combining Melia's DNA and Rift Matter.
Then, it was injected into my Solosis form and then I became a person in under three days.
ANABEL: You're living Rift Matter...
ZETTA: Well, the real Zetta was, at a point.
ANABEL: It could be possible that you could produce Rift Matter yourself, but you needed the help of that gauntlet.
ZETTA: That makes sense to me I guess...
ANABEL: Interesting... This answers a lot of questions.
So if that's how it goes, then if anyone had Rift Matter, they'd be able to create Rift Pokemon?
ZETTA: Yeah, that's pretty much all it takes.
ANABEL: Thank you so much for your time, Zetta.
Because of this we can further our research.
ZETTA: There's actually something I should tell you both.
ANABEL: Yes, what is it?
ZETTA: I'm not the real Zetta, so I don't know absolutely everything he did.
Even everything I've told you up to this point is a miracle, but...
ANABEL: I see, well-
ZETTA: Hold on, I wasn't finished.
During my production, someone stole a hefty amount of Rift Matter from our base.
ANABEL: Someone stole Rift Matter from Team Xen's HQ?
ZETTA: Yes, at first we thought it was a girl named Crescent, but that proved to be false.
It was a woman, but it became clear that this person lived somewhere in GDC.
There could be Rift Pokemon walking about without Team Xen's awareness.
I'm just saying that you should be careful.
ANABEL: That is very important information you've just shared, Zetta.
This may sound odd now, but I have one more request.
ZETTA: What is it?
ANABEL: Would it be possible for you to generate some Rift Matter for me?
ZETTA: What would you even need that gunk for?
Whatever, fine, I'll do it. Just don't do anything stupid with it.
ANABEL: Thank you... I'm actually starting to feel a little woozy... I...
ZETTA: Pfft... Looks like someone tried to wake her up.
Anyway, she got what she wanted, and I helped you two a little, didn't I?
I know it sounds a little weird coming from a person who doesn't technically exist...
But I feel a little... happy? Happier than I have been before.
That aside, I can sort of feel myself fading a bit too.
Looks like the Puppet Master wants to put me asleep again. That's fine with me I guess.
Good luck out there, \PN. Please defeat Team Xen.
Yes
No
P.Master's Ace | Sig Move
Psychic Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map152]
MOM: \PN...
MOM: My sweet boy. Where have you been?
MOM: My sweet girl. Where have you been?
MOM: My sweet child. Where have you been?
Mother has been here. Waiting just for you.
But it's okay now. We're together now. Please be with me...
Is any of this real?
MOM: I am real. I'm real to you.
MOM: You know why I'm here.
MOM: Silly \PN... Of course not. You're still alive.
MOM: I'm never lonely. I'm always with you.
MOM: I know.
...
MOM: \PN, you and I both know what's happening isn't real.
You haven't moved on...
MOM: My poor boy. You've been through so much.
I see what I must do now.
MOM: My poor girl. How will she get through this world without moving on?
MOM: My sweet child. What will you do without me? You must continue your journey and find the truth.
MOM: \PN.
You can't leave here until you've learned to move past my death.
\PN, you are strong. There is no doubt about that.
But do you have the physical and mental strength to best me?
We shall see.
I'm so proud of you, my child...
MOM: \PN... You've done so well, my son.
MOM: \PN... You've done so well, my daughter.
MOM: \PN... You've done so well, my child.
Even through your pain, you've fought your hardest.
But now that I know you're ready to live your life without me...
I can rest easy.\| But I have one final request...\|
This world was built out of the pain and suffering of a loved one.
As you have eased my pain, you must ease theirs...
CHANDELURE: Chande...
CHANDELURE: Chande!
You and I both know that's not true.
It's not...
It's real!
You're not real...
Why are you here?
Have I passed on too?
Are you lonely?
This hurts too much...
I haven't moved on...
[Map153]
There seems to be a slot to insert items into.
\PN inserted 3 Cell Batteries, 1 Metal Powder and 1 Pokeball into the machine.
"Installing data into readable disc. Pokeball recognized!"
A Pokeball was dispensed...
"Machine requirements:
3 cell batteries, 1 Metal Powder and 1 regular Pokeball."
[Map154]
HOLLY: Just head down this way and you'll reach the true final course.
Oh, and \PN...
I wouldn't get used to seeing me like this.
The moment I leave this room I transform back into my old persona.
Hm... It's strange to refer to myself like that.
It's almost as if I'm a Pokemon changing forms...
Teeheehee... Maybe I'll be reborn as one in the next life?
???: Teehee... Looks like you've completed the course...
I always knew you could do it!
...Why are you looking at me like that? Don't you recognize me?
Why, I'm Holly. We just spoke a few moments ago, didn't we?
HOLLY: Teehee... Are you surprised by my sudden change in appearance?
You must look tough to be tough. I had to whip those Rangers into shape.
But I could also be a mother to those who would allow me to.
Allow me to introduce myself formally.
My name is Holly. I am Crawli's surrogate mother.
Crawli's mother was my sister. She died while giving birth to Crawli, so I took on the task of raising him.
He certainly wouldn't be raised by his no good father, Rory.
Though you may know him by his stage name, Rorim B.
???: \PN!
AELITA: I've decided that I no longer want to be useless anymore.
I don't want to have to rely on you, or Melia, or anyone else!
I want to be able to take care of myself, so I'm going to be taking part in the league too!
I'll collect many badges and become strong like everyone else!
HOLLY: And my, what a start you've made.
AELITA: Oh, sorry! I don't think we've met.
HOLLY: Oh, but we have. It's me, Holly.
AELITA: E-Excuse me...?
HOLLY: Tee hee hee...
Well, anyway, you both came to battle my Crawli, right?
Well we shouldn't keep him waiting.
There's one final thing you two must do before you face him.
Follow me to the platform ahead.
AELITA: Let's go, \PN!
[Map155]
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Rembrence.
More info on Code: Rembrence is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
There's a rope attached to the outer rim of the well.
Do you want to pull it up?
\PN pulled up the rope...
It's an old well... it smells... strange.
It's a worn out, burned out, and tattered mechanical Clefairy doll.
There seems to be something attached to it.
Take it?
You leave the doll alone.
The tattered doll continues to sit on the stump.
It looks at you... eerily.
NARCY: This is it.
NARCISSA: Let's begin.
NARCY: Allow me to do it.
NARCY: This doll... It's the one Celesia owned.
Narcy threw the Clefairy doll down the well.
NARCISSA: Everyone, get ready!
DUFAUX: So... You've finally found me.
All of you have gathered here, the place where it all began.
In that case, I believe that means you are also aware of who I am.
NARCISSA: I've read the journal entries my family left behind.
DUFAUX: Your family...? Oh, I see...
NARCISSA: Yes, my family. I remember who I am now, or rather, who I once was.
NARCY/NARCISSA: We are Narcissa Altair!
DUFAUX: Hehehe...\| Interesting.
NARCY: As for you...\| Light was your name, right?
You were the being residing within the doll our Grandmother gave to my twin sister, Celesia.
DUFAUX: ...
NARCISSA: When Celesia fell down the well, it was your body that electrocuted her.
You're an angry spirit who regrets what they've accidentally done.
NARCY: But you don't have to be! We're here for you Dufaux.
No, not Dufaux... Light! We're here for you!
DUFAUX: ENOUGH!
It is clear to me that you all... Don't know a thing.
No matter how hard I try you just won't remember.
Why do you continue to insist on forgetting me?!
I won't allow it... I won't let you!
Here, let me jog your MEMORY!
NARCISSA: Grandmother, we cannot... I miss Celesia too, but...
To bring her back from the dead... What consequences will that bring?
LORIA: The consequences born from this revival? It matters not.
We are members of the esteemed Altair Family!
We stand tall beside the Theolias and the Blakeorys.
Those Blakeorys... I know they were the one that planted that monster inside of that doll.
They've always wanted us gone, but we never gave in, until now.
Imagine what would happen to our name once news of Celesia's death comes forward?
NARCISSA: So what you're saying is that this isn't about Celesia?
You care more about the status of a putrid name over your own granddaughter?!
LORIA: Of course not! I loved Celesia. I loved her more than anyone.
But we all die, eventually. One day I will die, one day you will.
Your mother, your father-- Your spouse, your children...
The only thing that lasts is the family name. We bring our memories into an immortal plain for all eternity!
I will not allow things to end here. Not with a cheap and cowardly act by the Blakeorys.
Just stand there my child, let me do the work.
NARCY: Grandmother...
LORIA: -Harumah ectrion Ac'mc'neeth!-!
CELESIA: Wh...\|\ts[1] What have you done to me?!
LORIA: ...Dear Arceus... What is this monstrosity?
CELESIA: Wh-What have you done to me?! I... I can't see!
LIGHT: Raoooo!
NARCISSA: Grandmother... What have you done?!
LORIA: I... I just wanted... Celesia back. I didn't want this...
NARCISSA: You must do something! Celesia is in pain!
LORIA: Celesia... forgive me! Forgive your foolish grandmother!
DUFAUX: Loria Altair... She tried to bring her dead granddaughter back to Earth...
Little did she know that there was a being within the Clefairy doll that killed me.
That being, Light, also perished. So when she casted the spell...
Both of our souls re-emerged from the well and morphed into one being.
In the end, she imprisoned me to the bottom of the well.
And you, Narcissa.\c[6] My darling sister.
Decided that my memory was too much to bear. You wanted to get rid of me.
I've suffered a fate worse than death. Complete annihilation.
Or rather, that was what was expected.
Soon after, calamity befelled this region and tore it apart.
The seal that Loria placed on me was broken, and the third dosage of that pesky syrum was never taken.
DUFAUX: I am Light. I am Celesia. I am not forgotten.
NARCISSA: Celesia... I never meant to make you feel this way.
NARCY: We wanted you to rest in peace, but... That's not how it ended up.
DUFAUX: None of that matters anymore. My goal has been decided.
I took your Chandelure many years ago, and this time I'll take something even greater!
NARCY: ...
NARCISSA: Narcy, get it together. No matter who Dufaux really is, we have a duty to end this.
NARCISSA: ...
\PN, please help me defeat Celesia and Light. We need to give her the peaceful sleep she deserves.
DUFAUX: Narcissa... I will end the family name... NOW!
DUFAUX:\ts[1] *Pant*... *Pant*...
\ts[1]It always turns out this way... In the end.
\ts[1]Why is this world... so hell-bent on erasing me?
\ts[1]What have I done...\| to deserve this?
NARCISSA: Celesia...
We didn't mean to cause you any more harm. We just wanted this all to stop.
But in doing that, we've caused you an amount of grief we never would've imagined.
NARCY: But it's over now. Let us put you to sleep one final time...
You won't be hurt anymore.
NARCY: Celesia...!
CELESIA:\ts[1] I...
Refuse.
CELESIA: It doesn't matter anymore... My soul can never be put to rest!
The Blakeorys...\| The Theolias...\| The Altairs...
All three are nothing but corrupt, rich families that put their status above themselves.
The constant bickering and feuds between them caused this.
I cannot say what will or has happened to the Theolias and the Blakeorys, but I DO have the power to end one tarnished name.
NARCY: Wh-What's happening?
CELESIA: Haven't you noticed already? Two Narcissas cannot co-exist.
This world is laid upon a pre-destined path. Anything that interrupts this flow will be destroyed.
CELESIA: As long as I exist. The old Narcissa won't be able to return to the time she belongs in.
As a result... I wonder what will happen to you two?
Will the universe flip a coin and choose one, or will they deny both of your existences?
NARCY: Celesia... Please stop!
CELESIA: You should be happy...\| You're getting a peaceful death.
That's something most people wish for. Aren't I a thoughtful sister?
CELESIA: What was... that noise?
NARCISSA: No... It couldn't be...?
CHANDELURE: Chande!
NARCISSA: Chandelure!
CELESIA: So what? What's a Chandelure going to do?
CELESIA: Graahhh!!
NARCY: What's going on...?
CELESIA: Stop!
CELESIA: Gyaaahhh!!
NARCISSA: They say Chandelure's flames have the ability to burn only the spirit away, leaving the bodies behind.
But in Celesia's case...
NARCY: Chandelure is burning away her soul!
CELESIA: I'm... fading...!
CELESIA: You all...\| Didn't love me, right?
That's why you chose to forget me...
Grandmother only wanted me back because my death was an embarrassment.
NARCISSA: No, Celesia.
What happened to you was tragic. What I chose to do was worse.
The truest death is when you die and no one remembers you.
The best thing for someone to do when they pass is to keep their memory alive.
That's what I should've done with you.
CELESIA: Do you... really mean that, Narcissa?
NARCISSA: I do.\| I promise I'll never forget you.
CELESIA: So that's it then? Suddenly all that rage just went away.
I think I'm ready to sleep now.
NARCISSA: Goodnight Celesia.\| My dear sister.
NARCY: \PN, are you okay?
NARCISSA: It's all over, \PN. Celesia has been put to rest.
Thanks to my darling Chandelure.
NARCY: Yes... And this adventure too, has been put to rest.
I can feel Dufaux's power depleting as we speak.
NARCISSA: Does this mean you're returning?
NARCY: Yes... I'm not meant for this time. I will be placed directly back to where this all started.
But I fear that I've learned too much during my time with you two.
NARCISSA: Yes, that is a concern...
NARCY: The trials and tribulations we've gone through have served to make us stronger.
But it won't be a concern, not for long, anyway...
Look at this.
NARCISSA: That's the third serum that was in the safe! When did you...?
NARCY: I heard your promise to Celesia a moment ago.
Our promise. One that I need to be strong enough to make myself one day.
So... I think it's okay if I forget again, for a little while.
NARCISSA: Are you sure?
NARCY: Yeah... I mean... It was you who resolved this. Not me.
Even though I believe my parents pushed us to get our memories erased...
I think I wanted to do it as well. I'm also responsible.
I'll get stronger so that one day, I can make that promise to Celesia myself.
This may end up in an endless loop, but... I think we owe her that much.
NARCISSA: I understand. Then this is goodbye.
NARCY: It's goodbye.
Oh, and \PN? I have to thank you too. You've been a great friend.
Thank you for keeping up with us.
Goodbye...
\ts[1]\PN and Narcissa return to Goldenleaf Town.
A few days later...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map156]
[Map157]
DYLAN: Where's my melon?
Send them to the Lost camp?
DYLAN: There's the melon!
Bye trainer!
Someone please find me...
Oh? You were able to make your way below the cave? That's pretty impressive!
...
Oh ho ho... I see... that's how you got down here.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map158]
MELIA: This statue...\| I found it so weird the first time I saw it, but I never figured out why.
This statue actually reminds me of the one in Goldenleaf.
And that one was actually an entrance to the Wispy Ruins.
So perhaps-
MELIA: What... was that??
An image just flashed through my mind like telepathy.
Or was it a memory? No.. It couldn't be... That person in the image..
It was Madame X. What was she doing back here?
REN: Melia, you okay? You're kind of just, uh... talking to yourself.
MELIA: Ren, does this statue look familiar to you in any way?
REN: Hm...\| I guess not immediately.
But on closer inspection, it looks like the statue we have of Giratina in Goldenleaf.
MELIA: And that statue led to Wispy Ruins, right?
VENAM: I see what you're saying. The Goldenleaf area is known for sitting on top of really old ruins.
You think this statue may be the same?
MELIA: Yes, exactly! This statue is the key to all of this.
REN: The ruins in town used to be closed off, and only Narcissa knew how to open them.
But me being crafty, I figured out how to do it when I was much younger.
REN: Alright, let's see here... The statue in Goldenleaf had a letter carved in that was a little more pronounced.
Aha! There it is!
MELIA: Ren, you're amazing!
VENAM: Yeah, nice job. With this we're closer to our goal.
There could be anything down there. We should be careful.
REN: Yeah. But I think we'll be alright. Let's head on.
MELIA: ...
Why did I see that image? And why now? Could I be remembering something?
No that can't be... Madame X was there.
I'm going to get a headache if I keep thinking about it.
I should keep my eyes on the prize. The Pearl Component...
MADAMEX: Witness a truth with your own eyes.
Perhaps you'll understand just a little bit more when the time comes.
ABSOL: ...
Soooool!!
ABSOL: ...Sol!
MELIA: And here we are...
I believe this place is referred to as Goldenwood Grove now.
REN: Huh? I never knew this place existed.
MELIA: Yeah, like I said, \v[12] and I discovered this place.
We even had a picnic back here! It was really lovely, but...
This is where things went downhill.
REN: Oh yeah... I remember \v[12] telling me about that picnic.
There was an explosion so you two went to go check it out and...
We all know what happened after that.
VENAM: The Rotom phone says we're close. It's got to be somewhere around here.
REN: Man she's motivated to find this thing quickly and that's all.
Oh well, that's fine with me. The faster we get this, the better.
MELIA: Yeah... She is.
MELIA: No use going this way...
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
The briefcase has the combination "3845" inputted.
MELIA: Surprise, \PN!
Isn't this place really beautiful? This place isn't on a map or anything!
It's possible we discovered a completely new area!
This region is less than a century old, so there very well may be places we haven't discovered.
I think we accomplished a lot today. So the least we could do is celebrate!
A small picnic lunch should be amazing in a quiet and peaceful place like this.
MELIA: Today has been one hundred percent awesome.
Not only did my experiment work, but I saw you and Venam have an incredible battle!
And we also found this place. I will always cherish this memory.
MELIA: ...!
That makes me so happy, \PN. I'm glad I could get your mind off things.
MELIA: Yes, it was most enjoyable indeed. I'm glad I have you to share these memories with.
MELIA: Oh... Did you not enjoy yourself today? I'm... sorry.
With everything that's happened with you, I can't blame you for being in a foul mood.
MELIA: Hey, \PN, did you notice that statue of Arceus looming behind us?
I have to wonder why that statue's hidden all the way back here.
And now we have all of these Vivillon surrounding us.
I don't know if you know, but they say Vivillon with light blue wings gather when something momentous is about to happen.
They're called the "Butterflies of Fate".
Heheh...
A day like this one only comes once a year.
A day where you make another life-long friend.
That special friend is you, \PN. Thank you for coming with me.
You've made this day a memorable one.
This will be my last memory on Floria Island.
Remember that secret I mentioned back in East Gearen City?
Well, the day after tomorrow I leave for Grand Dream City.
Where I am to become the\c[6] Normal-Type Gym Leader.
MELIA: Amazing, right? Someone like me is going be a Gym Leader.
I'm sorry for not telling you before. I was just--
Anyway, I'm going alone. Ren will still be working with my father, and Venam will be doing her usual Leader duties.
I'm being thrown into a city I don't know much about. I'm pretty scared.
Hey, \PN... Do you have anywhere to go after this?
If you're left with nothing to do... Would you come with me?
MELIA: Haha... Sorry, I don't know what I was thinking. I mean, we only just met...
...
Hey, \PN, fight me.
E-Er, not literally of course. I meant a Pokemon battle.
Like I said, I'm going to become a Gym Leader.
I'll need as much practice as possible before I can consider becoming a true Gym Leader.
When you're ready, I'll be waiting over here.
Bring your best, because I certainly will.
MELIA: Are you ready to battle?
MELIA: Looks like we're all set to begin.
\PN, I had a great time today, but this is different.
Even though I do love to research things, battling is where my true passion is.
You were able to defeat Venam, but I've beaten her too.
This battle will decide which one of us is the strongest.
So don't hold back, okay? Hehe. Let's go!
I see, so that's how it goes...
MELIA: Looks like I've got a long way to go.
That's okay though, isn't it? No one expects you to be an unstoppable force all of the time, right?
I'll take this battle as a lesson.
Thank you, \PN. For the battle and for today.
MELIA: There, now that all of that is cleaned up...
\PN, can you help me fold this blanket?
MELIA: One...two... and....!
MELIA: W-What in the world was that?!
It sounded like it came from Goldenwood Forest...
\PN, let's forget the blanket. We have to go back to Goldenwood Forest immediately!
MELIA: Just speak to me whenever you're ready.
Bring your best!
MELIA: ...?
MELIA: We're... back above ground! Goldenwood Grove!
MELIA: Ren, Venam!
MELIA: Ren, get up!
MELIA: You too, Venam! You can sleep later!
REN: Urgh...
VENAM: My head...
VENAM: Wait, we're out?! But how?
REN: Last thing I remember was glitching out on that bridge.
Remind me to get Nastasia to expedite a fix for that, by the way.
Because not only is it inconvenient, but it is not exactly painless.
MELIA: Nim saved us. She jumped in and warped us out.
VENAM: Again, why didn't she just do that to begin with??
Could've saved us a whole bunch of trouble.
MELIA: Because despite our truce at the HQ, I don't think she intended for us to leave that cave alive.
Obviously, she had a change of heart, but...
REN: Wait, guys look over there...
MELIA: Cassandra...
VENAM: There's thing 1, but where's thing 2? Aka, Madelis.
MELIA: I have no idea...
Did... Did she not make it out?
VENAM: Madelis is annoying enough to survive anything.
REN: It'd be bad if she reported this. Maybe we ended up in failure after all...
I mean, we didn't even find what we came down here for.
VENAM: Oh shit... The Pearl Component...
We got so wrapped up with Team Xen that we didn't even properly look for it...
MELIA: Don't worry, I have a feeling we'll be back. Soon...
But for now we need to call in that we have Cassandra.
I think this takes precedence.
VENAM: Agreed. This is huge.
MELIA: Guess I'll call my sister.\| (I've always wanted to say that!)
MELIA: Erin, there's a lot we gotta report to you guys.
We didn't find the component, but we ran into Team Xen and found out something really important.
Cassandra, Mayor of Grand Dream City is an Admin of Team Xen.
And not only that... We defeated her and we have her in custody.
MELIA: Yeah...\| Got it.\| We'll wait for you then.
VENAM: What's the plan?
MELIA: Erin and the rest are going to pick us up and take us back to Sashila.
VENAM: And that's that.
REN: But is Nim going to be okay down there all by herself?
REN: Are WE going to be okay?
I know we made it out, but the stuff down there was seriously traumatizing...
I dunno about you guys, but it feels like I'm at my limit...
VENAM: ...
MELIA: When we-
<ac>Pearl Route Completed.</ac>
REN: There's nothing back here but a small waterfall and this statue.
The Rotom phone is going nuts so it's gotta be close by.
MELIA: Maybe I'll check out the statue. I remember it weirding me out last time I was here.
REN: Good idea. I'll keep searching over here myself.
MARIA: ... What was that...?
MARIA: Mom?!
Mommy?
VENAM: Melia, the Rotom phone is saying the component is north of here, but the trail ends here.
There is a small waterfall, but the Rotom phone is pointing downwards.
So I guess it's somewhere below us?
MELIA: Hm... Below us, huh?
I will cherish it too!
It was a good time.
It was okay, I guess.
Let's do this.
On second thought...
[Map159]
???: D-Did you come to save me? Th-Then please, do something about that Pokemon!
???: P-Please, don't hurt me! I said I was sorry! I didn't mean to do it!
SOLROCK: Sohle! Sohle!
SOLROCK: Sohle?!
???: A-Are you here to save me? P-Please,\c[6] capture that thing for me!
I've knocked it out so many times at this point, but it keeps getting right back up!
Please help!
SOLROCK: Sohlelo!!
\PN captured Solrock!
???: Phew... That was a nightmare. Thank you for saving me!
The name's Marcus! What are you doing in Amethyst Cave?
MARCUS: H-Huh?! My girlfriend sent you?!
MARCUS: O-Oh, that's right! I was supposed to be picking roots you can only find underneath the ground here in Amethyst Cave...
See, that's kind of where the problems arose...
I was picking some of the roots out of the ground and unfortunately it looked like one of them was wrapped around a Solrock.
I think I hurt Solrock by yanking it out of the ground like that.
But you've captured it now and I'm sure you'll take good care of it.
I suppose I'll go back home then. Come around the house later!
???: It's just like I said! You have to\c[6] capture that thing!
If you knock it out, it'll just get right back up!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
I heard rumbling coming from the lower levels of the cavern...
What's down there, I wonder? Rare Pokemon? Maybe a secret base?
Activate the panel?
Panel Activated.
You left it alone.
???: P-Please don't hurt me! I-It was an accident I swear...
???: Sohle! Sohle!
It's dangerous for people to be inside such a treacherous cave like this. Oh, a battle?
I suppose I should be leaving now then, hm?
I should be leaving, but if I'm honest... I crave adrenaline. I shall not go.
Yes
No
[Map160]
This wall looks suspicious...
Hit the wall?
WORKER: I'm on my lunch break. Please don't bother me.
STAFF: Sorry, can't talk. Too much work to do.
AMBER: Are we in some art gallery or something?
RISA: Looks just like one, yeah...
SAKI: Huh, I could've sworn I've seen this place before...
AMBER: Have you been here?
SAKI: Nah, but it is familiar...
Who knows, maybe if we walk around I'll get a brain blast!
RISA: It's more likely we'll get a brain fart.
SAKI: Damn, why everyone tryna roast me today??
SAKI: Screw y'all. I'm gonna go take a look around.
RISA: There she goes.
AMBER: Knowing Saki, she'll break something and then we'll be stuck here forever.
Let's make sure that doesn't happen.
RISA: Right!
AMBER: Looks like we finally made it outta there...
But what was that at the end, and why was Crescent in that pod?
SAKI: ...
THOMAS: What an incredibly rash and foolish thing to do, Amber Von Brandt.
To jump into a Nightmare Realm like that... Who knows what could've happened?
AMBER: Hey, a friend was in trouble and I did what I had to do.
THOMAS: That being said... The images shown within that realm were disturbing.
Frankly, I'm having a hard time piecing together what was shown.
What's most interesting is why there were two of each person in those pods.
SAKI: It has to do with those black boxes.
And... All that stuff that happened to me... It did happen to me, right?
SAKI: That's what I thought...
I can't remember anything because those two did something to me...
AMBER: Say it how it is. Xara and Jean tampered with you somehow.
AMBER: Stop lying! Don't confuse Saki more than she already is.
The Puppet Master gains nothing from showing us false realities.
Aelita told me herself. The things we witness within these realms are fact.
And while we're going on about this, we should just say it how it is.
Xara and Jean are the ones responsible for what happened in that lab.
SAKI: Hm... I could go for some pizza myself.
AMBER: Saki, seriously?! Time and place, girl!
SAKI: True, sorry. \PN baited me.
THOMAS: Don't worry, my sister. We will get to the bottom of this.
And I will be sure to bring the wretched scum that abused a Blakeory so heinously to justice.
AMBER: Truly an icon of chivalry you are, Thomas.
SAKI: Guess we should open this thing up, huh?
AMBER: Well, what do we got?
SAKI: Nothing but a key... Probably for the elevator just outside.
AMBER: Really? That's all?
SAKI: That's all.
THOMAS: Then we're done here. This part of the game is over.
Let's make our way onto that lift.
CASSANDRA: As your mayor, I'll make our new project the best it can be!
Use the terminal?
RISA: What's this now?
AMBER: Looks like we can move the boxes in any direction.
But it'll keep moving until it hits something.
Let's play around with things.
The cargo for Beautiful Botanics has been delivered.
Thank you for your contributions!
RISA: You've done it!
I wonder what we're trying to achieve with these things.
SAKI: We're just doing a simulation of a SPU driver's normal day to day!
AMBER: Dunno about all that.
RISA: Wh-Whoa, people just appeared! What's going on?
SAKI: Is it because we solved the puzzle?
AMBER: First of all, \PN solved the puzzle, not us.
Second, it's possible... Maybe we're on the right track.
RISA: I saw other monitors in the room Let's go check them out!
RISA: More people again...
SAKI: I hate people! This is counter productive to my mental health.
RISA: I think that's all of the terminals.
SAKI: You sure? Maybe there's one you missed...
RISA: The deliveries we've done here have coincided with the packaging we did downstairs.
And we only had to do four of em, and they were all from companies we've heard before.
AMBER: Okay, then now what?
RISA: I noticed that the center table has been getting filled up the more we did these deliveries.
I bet anything that it's done now.
SAKI: OKIE. Let's check it out!
What would you like to do?
The terminal wont respond.
RISA: You know, I've been wondering...\| How close are we to the end of this?
Axis High University is only three stories high, but it's still massive.
AMBER: It pretty much ends whenever the Puppet Master wants it to end.
For all we know there could be 100 floors, or 1000.
SAKI: Oh God I can't take it anymore! Going up one flight of stairs was enough to bring brack my depression...
???: Depression? C'mon, there's no need for that.
AMBER: Ugh.
ZETTA: What's wrong? Scared of High-Roller Zetta?
SAKI: Awww yeah, it's Zetta again!
SAKI: One more time! High Five!
ZETTA: Up high!
ZETTA: Down low!
ZETTA: You grow.\| As a person.
AMBER: You two done being buddy-buddy?
SAKI: Yeah.
ZETTA: Alright, alright. Enough messing around.
You four made it all the way to the top. But now you gotta get through one more trial.
The final trial is simple. You all will be entering one of these buildings alone.
Once you're inside, you'll answer a series of questions.
All you have to do is pass. All of you. If one of you fails, you'll have to start over.
AMBER: Sounds... simple enough? What's the point of this?
ZETTA: Heh. We'll see.
AMBER: Something is fishy about this...
SAKI: Fishy? Nah, Zetta's a cool guy!
I'm sure everything's gonna be copacetic~!
WORKER: I wish to return to East Gearen City one day. It's my home.
The cargo for Dream Drama Club has been delivered.
RISA: I saw other terminals in the room We should investigate all of them!
RISA: This is becoming clockwork.
SAKI: How many terminals are there? I'm done with these!
AMBER: What's goin' on? The diorama of the city is complete.
What else does this dumb game want from us?
RISA: We're probably still missing something.
Have you noticed that the walls have buildings on them?
The layout of the room is similar to Grand Dream City-- I think it's supposed to be that way.
The white outline would be the District of Hope. Etcetera, etcetera.
If that's the case, I think I saw some wrong buildings in the wrong districts.
AMBER: Okay team. Search the walls!
RISA: Oh shoot... Looks like we attracted an audience.
AMBER: This is different. I think we did everything we needed to.
SAKI: Grandpa!
MRBLAKEORY: Everyone, may I please have your attention!
Thank you all for joining me here at the lovely Oblitus Town Art Gallery!
It is my pleasure to present to you the project I have been working on for decades!
\c[6]The Dream Project!
MRBLAKEORY: Construction of Grand Dream City is already complete.
Starting in three weeks, Grand Dream City will be open to the public.
I, Thomas Blakeory, will be your humble mayor for the first year.
RISA: Grand Dream City first opened its doors 13 years ago.
SAKI: Now I remember this place...
I've never been here, but Grandpa has a picture of this moment in his office!
Grand Dream City's grand opening council.
Grandpa hired a ton of companies to build this city for him.
AMBER: Isn't this diorama missing something? Where's the big dome above it?
SAKI: Grandpa didn't have a dome in his original blueprints.
It came after Cassandra proposed a way to make Grand Dream City's life more interactive.
AMBER: Man... So this is what money can do? Shitty, but impressive.
SAKI: Yeah, Grandpa does amazing things!
RISA: Um, what was that??
SAKI: That was a huge crash or something.
CASSANDRA: Excuse me, if I may have your attention.
AMBER: They're not done talking yet?
SAKI: Wh-Whoa...
AMBER: Team Xen?! What are these idiots doing here?
CASSANDRA: Madame X, I'm here with my proposal.
MADAMEX: Begin.
CASSANDRA: Instead of doing a long-term stretch like you laid out, I think there is another possibility we can look into.
Grand Dream City is the metropolis of the Aevium Region.
It currently has the population of 346,932. A small number for such a large city.
But it's fairly new and sees over 50,000 new residents a year.
This is why I want to work separately from Team Xen and run for Mayor.
As Mayor, I can introduce my Dome mechanism.
I'd introduce it as a way to make life easier in the city, but it can also work as a cage.
MADAMEX: Ridiculous. Even if it were to succeed, what would we do?
We're outnumbered by astronomical amounts. There would be no contest.
CASSANDRA: This project is actually a two part deal.
We, Team Xen, wouldn't need to deal with the people in the city ourselves.
I propose my subject, the Xenpurgis.
MADAMEX: ...
CASSANDRA: Behold,\c[6] the most powerful Dimensional Rift.
The Xenpurgis would be strong enough to wipe out the entire population of Grand Dream City in under 3 hours.
The Xenpurgis would be equipped with every possible scenario in mind, even failure.
CASSANDRA: I would like your input on this, if possible.
My team and I have been working on this for months.
And we're comfortable enough with the results to present this to you now.
MADAMEX: With the base information I have now, I cannot say whether or not I approve.
However.
I am willing to input more resources into this project if more detailed results are shown to be positive in our favor.
This should be a compromise fitting for you.
CASSANDRA: Yes Ma'am. We'll get right to work.
AMBER: The strongest Dimensional Rift...?
SAKi: I... I don't know what to say. This is so messed up.
How are we supposed to beat something like that?!
AMBER: We can and we will! We have people who can fight.
WE can fight. Team Xen can't defeat all of us.
SAKI: ???
AMBER: U-Unbeatable...?
SAKI: We're... We're all gonna die in this city!!
RISA: *Cough*.... *Cough*...! *Cough*!
I... I can't... do this anymore.
AMBER: Risa!!
WORKER: Mr Blakeory is revealing something very soon. I wonder what it is.
Welcome to the Job Interviewer 3000. Today we'll be asking you three important questions.
Please answer them truthfully.
Let us begin. Question # 1.
Do you want this job?
*Please wait a moment...*
Thank you, your answer has been recorded.
Please step into the next room.
Let us begin. Question # 2.
Three other people are interviewing for this same position.
Will you betray one of them to get this position?
Let us begin. Question # 3.
It seems like user SAKI has voted to betray you.
It seems like user RISA has voted to betray you.
It seems like user AMBER has voted to betray you.
This betrayal will cause you to fail this interview.
If you betray her back, the points stolen from you will be returned.
Do you want to betray SAKI?
Do you want to betray RISA?
Do you want to betray AMBER?
All of your answers have been recorded.
Your responses have been calculated and will now be shared.
\PN: \v[686]. Risa: \v[330]. Amber: \v[331] Saki: \v[332].
All participants must have 6 points to pass.
Unfortunately, not all four participants were able to reach 6 points.
Therefore this experiment has ended in failure.
Thank you and have a good day.
RISA: We failed...
SAKI: Um, yeah. We did. But I'm not surprised.
AMBER: Me neither. Risa, how could you?
RISA: What?
AMBER: You hit "Betray"! I hope you're satisfied because I took my points right back!
RISA: What?! I did no such thing!
AMBER: You're lying.
SAKI: Idiots...
RISA: I know you're not talking, Saki. You betrayed me.
SAKI: Pfft, whatever.
You wanna know something? I was being a team player... Until \PN betrayed me!
Isn't that right, \PN?
SAKI: Fine, play dumb. Idiot!
SAKI: YOU SUCK \PN!!!!
Let's just try the game again and this time don't int.
RISA: ...Fine.
\PN, Risa, Amber, and Saki played the game once... then twice... then three times, then four times.
Then five, then six, then 7, then 8, THEN 9, THEN 10!!
All fruitless.
RISA: I'm tellin' y'all right now. RIGHT NOW. IF Y'ALL DON' KUT IT OWT!
I swear to the angels above that I will smacka heap of VIOLENCE on y'all.
AMBER: You guys just love PISSING me off huh?
You're all just a bunch of failures holding me back!
SAKI: Come. If you attack, then my army will attack 10x as fierce.
Suffering will be but an afterthought. True despair awaits.
AMBER: You'd think at LEAST three of us would get 6 points simultaneously by now, but NOPE.
\sh\c[7]BECAUSE YOU'RE ALL FUCKING IDIOTS!
RISA: Wait, what?
AMBER: I said, after all the games we've played you think we'd get at least three people with 6 points.
But we've only ever gotten two because someone doesn't want to cooperate!
RISA: ...
Oh my lord...
Guys, let's play the game one more time. Okay?
SAKI: I refuse. I refuse. I refuse.
Alright, one more.
RISA: But here's the catch. No matter what, answer the same as you did in the last match.
AMBER: ...?
RISA: Just do it. Okay? No messing around.
Those were our scores for last round. Please remember them.
\PN, Risa, Saki, and Amber played the game again.
SAKI: That's it. Armageddon begins now. Say your prayers.
AMBER: LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE WAS-
RISA: Oh my god... We're idiots.
SAKI: Yeaaaaahhhh.
AMBER: Huh?
RISA: Did you guys answer absolutely the same as last time?
AMBER: YES.
RISA: Our scores this time were...
\PN: 2. Risa: 4, Amber: 6, Saki: 6.
Our scored before that were...
If we played exactly the same, then how is that possible? A game of only three questions?
Even if we all played differently, there was a high chance at least three of us ended up with 6 points.
AMBER: ...The game is rigged.
No matter what we chose, the system alloted us random amount of points.
RISA: I don't think betraying matters either.
I think the system says someone betrayed us on the third question regardless if that actually happened or not.
In that case, I'm pretty certain none of us betrayed each other even on the first round.
AMBER: Well fuck. What do we do?
SAKI: We can't win a rigged game...
AMBER: ...
\PN: ...
AMBER: I'm certain this whole game was meant to be won.
We must've missed something somewhere...
Remember what Zetta said all the way back at the beginning?
"Helping the people around the school will be essential to your success."
Isn't there that machine we found in the factory area still without use?
AMBER: Oh yeah. We kind of skipped over it because it was "broken".
RISA: We should head back downstairs and help out with that then.
SAKI: Aw... I hate helping out...
RISA: It's the only thing we got... We may as well just try it.
SAKI: Sigh...
The elevator won't respond.
AMBER: We've been going down for quite some time now.
THOMAS: Yes, we have.
AMBER: We've reached the end of all of this, haven't we?
THOMAS: Not quite, but we're nearing the end.
AMBER: So what's all in this for you? Why help the Puppet Master?
THOMAS: The Puppet Master has brought things to light that I refuse to let continue.
A certain person who has disgraced the Blakeory name must be brought firm justice.
AMBER: Is that so?
You know, I've been thinking... If Saki was out of the picture, you'd be the heir to Blakeory Co.
In fact, it all lines up when you take what you said before.
Something about erasing all Blakeorys?
THOMAS: Stop right there. No matter what, I am not in line to inherit the company.
And I never said such a thing.
AMBER: Eh?
SAKI: Thomas is adopted. Because of that, he doesn't inherit the company or any of its assets.
THOMAS: My skills were recognized by Mr. Blakeory when I was 12 years old.
As a result, I was brought into the family. He even gave me the Blakeory name.
However, it's just as Saki says. I have no place in line for the top desk.
Nor do I have any desire to be.
AMBER: Then what exactly do you want? It just can't be justice?
THOMAS: I want to abolish evil people from the system.
AMBER: ...?!
THOMAS: I want to tear them out one by one and expose their corruption.
I want them to rot in prison till death takes them away.
And I will do it, starting from the head honcho himself...
SAKI: Th-Thomas...?
THOMAS: It seems we've arrived. Let's go everyone.
The main event is finally about to begin.
<ac>To be continued...</ac>
RISA: Rgh...
RISA: Wha... What happened?
SAKI: You passed out! Slammed yourself right on the ground...
RISA: Ah... So that's what that pain is.
RISA: Y-Yeah, I'm fine now. I think I'll be okay. Thanks \PN.
RISA: I dunno... I just got really light headed and I collapsed, I guess.
What a bother...
RISA: What about you? Done being needlessly rude?
AMBER: Are you SURE you're okay? This is the second time now, and this was worse.
RISA: Yeah... Things back there just got really intense. I think it triggered some sort of attack.
I mean... Strongest Dimensional Rift? An attack on the city?
Certainly their goal can't just be domination?
AMBER: No. They're doing this with the intent of taking as many lives as possible.
SAKI: How can you not be freaking the freak out, Amber?!
The Xenpurgis is gonna kill us all!
AMBER: Because if it was a hopeless situation... Why even bother giving it to us?
RISA: ...Huh?
AMBER: Think of it in the context of this game The Puppet Master is putting us through.
What do we get for progessing and accomplishing things in his world?
SAKI: Sadness?
AMBER: ...Yeah, but besides that.\| \c[6]Information.
The Puppet Master is giving us information because it will help us in some way.
If we're getting information on the Xenpurgis now, then that means there's still hope left.
We need to stop whining and bitching and just do something about it!
SAKI: Everyone. Amber's the traitor!
AMBER: What?!
SAKI: Amber would never, EVER, say something so logical. It's just not her.
RISA: So... The Puppet Master's ultimate objective is to help us out with info?
AMBER: Hold on, I didn't say that. His objective could be something else entirely.
Us getting info might just be a side effect of that.
SAKI: Spooky...
AMBER: Anyway, we know details of the Xenpurgis now.
That means it's up to us to get out of here safely, and relay those details to everyone.
Got it?
SAKI: Got it!
RISA: Got it.
AMBER: Good. I'm done with this art gallery. Let's move on.
FLORA: U-Um, excuse me... Um... I hope I'll be useful to you.
ISHA: The new recruits are... good. They are very loyal to me.
Hopefully they'll be useful enough for me to finally escape this curse...
The cargo for District Electricians has been delivered.
SAKI: Yaaay! \PN you did it!
We all knew you could!
AMBER: Saki, honestly how old are you? Get down from there!
SAKI: I'm good.
RISA: More people showed up. I guess we're doing the right thing.
AMBER: Let's keep doing what we're doin' then!
RISA: I think that's all of the terminals, actually.
SAKI: Umm. This door has me on it.
AMBER: It's a Nightmare Door, remember? You guys made me go through one of 'em.
THOMAS: Saki is going to have to clear this if we want to continue.
SAKI: Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Yeah, how hard could it be? Amber did it so I can do it too!
AMBER: ...Man. That was unnecessary.
THOMAS: Are you ready to go through the door?
It may be dangerous so you must be careful.
AMBER: You have the audacity to show concern after all this?
You fake bitch. We don't want to hear it.
THOMAS: Resorting to profanity is a sign of being uneducated.
AMBER: ...I'll show you uneducated!
SAKI: Stop!\| Just stop it already!
Amber weren't you the one who said I was an idiot for needless fighting?!
I don't need you two to start fighting now. Dumb stupid idiots!
THOMAS: ...
AMBER: ...Yeah, sorry.
SAKI: As for if I'm ready to go through yet...
SAKI: I can do it! I want to step through the door now!
THOMAS: Good luck.
AMBER: You can do it.
SAKI: Heck yeah I'm gonna kick ass! Let's do this thing!
THOMAS: ...How eloquently put.
SAKI: Thanks!
THOMAS: ...Saki, I believe that was sarcasm.
SAKI: Oh.
Unthanks.
SAKI: Hohkay! I'm gonna step through!
C'mon Puppet Plaster... Show me what you got!
AMBER: Ngh... I hope she'll be fine.
THOMAS: Hm?
THOMAS: Wait, take a look over here.
AMBER: W-We can spectate Saki through this glass!
...
I'm gonna quote Risa cause she ain't here.
I have a bad feeling about this.
\ts[1]<ac>Saki Blakeory... Search deep within your mind...</ac>
\ts[1]<ac>And find the truth!</ac>
<ac>AMANDA: Hello? Zumi? Hey, what's up?</ac>
<ac>Uh, sorry. I'm in Grand Dream City. Checkin' out all the new talent and stuff.</ac>
<ac>It's late, it's raining, and I'm trying not to get sick!</ac>
<ac>Yes, I'm aware that the S.S. Oceana will be here in a couple of weeks.</ac>
<ac>You and Jan are always so paranoid with these things.</ac>
<ac>The S.S. Oceana isn't even leaving for another two weeks.</ac>
<ac>...</ac>
<ac>Yeah, yeah. I'm getting on a train in a few days, don't worry.</ac>
<ac>Okay. See you then.</ac>
</ac>AMANDA: Sigh, I get no love around here.<ac>
<ac>Hm?</ac>
<ac>Excuse me, I'm trying to cross the street.</ac>
<ac>Hey, I said excuse me. I don't wanna get rude, but if you don't move out of the-</ac>
<ac>H-HEY! What do you think you'r-</ac>
SAKI: Um, I'm gonna need a sec to get myself together, I think.
AMBER: Alright. Fair enough. We're ready whenever you are.
NURSE: Are you here to see a doctor? Please come again later...
STAFF: I've been working for years after my graduation and I still haven't gotten a promotion...
I was the top of my class too!
The cargo for Medi Pharmaceutical has been delivered.
AMBER: And that's done. What a joke.
What's the point of all this?
SAKI: I doubt they'd just outright tell us. That hasn't been the theme of this adventure!
RISA: Looks like there's a pattern here...
AMBER: You get a corporate slave! You get a corporate slave!
RISA: The obvious reference from Amber aside, I think that's all the terminals.
MR. BLAKEORY: ...
BOTANIST: We'll keep everything together at the Botanical Garden.
Don't worry about us!
NURSE: I will help Isha get through this. Please do not interfere.
STAFF: I'm tired of this job. Mr. Blakeory recommended this position, but it feels like I'm not getting anywhere!
Enter the building?
*Doors will now open.*
RISA: H-okay... Let's do this.
Good luck, \PN.
AMBER: WHAT A FUCKIN' RUSH! THAT WAS AWESOME!
Saki, that was a brilliant plan! This whole trip was fuckin' worth it!
SAKI: My body screams for more blood. I wish to decimate more.
Let me loose. I want to go feral.
AMBER: Drink a glass of water. Trust me, that'll be enough.
AMBER: \PN! I know we got a lil separated back there, but it's good to see you in one piece.
How was your rampage?
SAKI: \PN understands me. We must be satiated to be satisfied.
Okie, who wants to do round 2?
AMBER: I thought you'd have fun.
SAKI: Let's have more fun.
AMBER: It was... different. In a good way.
SAKI: It was better than different, but okay.
SAKI: Aw c'mon! Don't be a spoil-sport \PN! Never any fun...
AMBER: Well, it doesn't matter.
Even if we wanted to continue, it looks like we can't.
All of our ElectroBats were destroyed after hitting all three monitors.
What a coincidence, huh?
SAKI: Are you implying that this was all pre-planned and that the hammers were gonna break at the end no matter what?
AMBER: No, I would never.
SAKI: Wait... Where's Risa?
AMBER: Risa? She didn't come out of her room yet?
SAKI: Wait! Guys, look over there!
???: ...
SAKI: Risa!!!
AMBER: What the hell...?
The Masked Guy has Risa... But how?
Was he waiting inside the room for Risa to enter or something?
I thought only one person was allowed in at one time...
Bah, it doesn't matter! We have to go help Risa!
SAKI: Guys...
I found this on the floor in Risa's room.
AMBER: Risa's ElectroBat?! It wasn't destroyed?
SAKI: The monitor in the last room was in perfect condition too...
That means Risa never struck it with the ElectroBat!
AMBER: Then I was right. That creep was waiting for someone to walk into the final room.
When Risa walked in he...\|
SAKI: Eh??
SAKI: Someone locked the doors! We can't go back through this way!
RISAAAAAAA!!!
SAKI: Is that a teleportation pad?
Something about this is just...
Nevermind.
SAKI: I won't let that bastard hurt my friend! Risa, I'm coming!
"AXIS HIGH GALLERY! VIEW AT YOUR OWN ######!"
BOTANIST: Flora knows her plants! She keeps everything at the garden at tip top shape!
Yes
No
It did.
I don't know.
I'm hungry.
Quit
Reset
Continue
Risa
Amber
Saki
None
What?
Yes.
Are you doing okay?
What happened?
You done?
I'm ready!
I need a sec...
Kick ass, Saki!
Uh... Good luck?
My body screams for more.
It was awesome!
It was... interesting.
Eh.
[Map161]
Looks like you could scale these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
APRIL: Hey, it's the one called \PN! It looks like you decided to join me after all!
So, this is the door I've talked quite a bit about.
I believe what I want is somewhere behind this door.
Did you know that the Garufans held their power behind huge doors like this to keep out foreigners?
They knew they wouldn't last forever, but they didn't want their power to be out in the open.
But I don't care how much they don't want me to have it. I want it and that's all that matters!
No... I need this power. I need it if I'm going to accomplish my goal.
Oh, I'm sorry if I scared you with that ominous speech.
The fact of the matter is that I can't open the door without something else.
Would you do me a favor and help me search for what we need?
I'm sure whatever we need is somewhere in this cave. All we need to do is find it.
I don't know exactly what we're looking for, but you'll probably know when you find it.
APRIL: I won't let whatever is behind this door elude me again.
APRIL: Huh, is there something you wanted to show me?
APRIL: \PN, that item you have on you?! Is that a Moon Dial?
Do you mind if I take that from you for a moment?
This is exactly what I needed to complete this contraption...thingy.
Take the Moon Dial and combine it with that there, and take that there and put it into the Moon Dial...
Ah, and voila! It is done! Perfected, completed!
Here, take this.
APRIL: I found this Sun Dial in front of this door when I first got here.
I figured that if the Sun Dial was here, then the Moon Dial wouldn't be too far off...
That's when I met you and decided to put you to the test!
It's okay, you passed with flying colors!
Now, we'll take this Phase Dial, and use it as a key to open the door.
\ts[2]Kaaaa-chunk!
APRIL: The door's finally open...
I've been waiting a long time for this, \PN.
I'm finally going to see the secret this door has been hiding from me for years.
Well, there's no time like the present.
Let's go.
It's a basket that seems to be filled to the brim with plants.
Could this belong to...?
???: K-Kyah!! Someone help me please!!
???: Sohle!!!
This must belong to Daria's boyfriend!
Activate the panel?
Panel Activated.
You left it alone.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
???: Oh, you can use Rock Climb!
???: How many badges do you have, then?
Oh, just look at your Pokemon! They're all so unique and strong...
You must be a very special trainer. Your aura is so incredibly vibrant.
What is your name?
???: So, you were born with the name \PN? Oh, what a nice and exotic name!
Well, I was born with the name... Ah, let's not give my birth name actually.
I think it would be better for both of us if we use a nickname, no?
Well, personally I like the name April, so let's go with that!
APRIL: So \PN, what brings you to Amethyst Cave?
I'm actually looking for something. Something that's been hidden by an ancient civilization.
You've probably heard of them before. The Garufa...?
They're quite the popular subject here in Aevium. They're just so mysterious.
Anyway, I believe I found what I was looking for, but unfortunately I can't get to it.
Down this stream lies a huge door. You can actually see it from the entrance.
There's a hole on the door that looks like you can fit something in it, but I have nothing like that.
I'm actually going to go back to investigate it more. If you're interested in helping, you should follow!
Yes
No
[Map162]
GRUNT: This suit definitely resembles Madame X, but...
Ah, that's it. It's missing murderous intent. Yes, that must be why it's so off putting!
GRUNT: Wh-Whoa?! What was that quake?\|
GRUNT: Yes...\| Nature... It's always nature's fault.
I will never forgive nature for what it did to me and my lack of family!
GRUNT: I want to know! I don't want it to happen again!
I'm very afraid of earthquakes! Ever since, uh... Yeah, never mind.
Let's just say I had a very bad experience with an earthquake.
GRUNT: Don't lie to me! I know that could not have possibly been you!
And even if it was you, I think I'd know.
I've had experiences with earthquakes before and I hate them.
???: Why have you come here?
GRUNT: Another one of them quakes! Is this cave unstable or something?
???: Why have you come here...?
This is my resting place...
Those that trespass will not be allowed to leave unpunished!
GRUNT: \PN... you hear that right?
GRUNT: Th-That's a Dimensional Rift?! But why here?
Zetta hasn't reported anything like this!
???: Become lost in my sight!
There's probably a way to activate this thing somewhere around here.... Could you check them out for me?
Activate the panel?
Panel Activated.
You left it alone.
REGIROCK: Regii...
???: Intruder alert! Intruder alert!
Users J and X not detected! Attack mode will now commence!
Malfunctioning!
ROBOT: Unit System A362 failed in their efforts to protect confidential panel!
Self-destructing to prevent data-mining!
REGIROCK: Regir-r-ock.
Regirock seems to be no longer under that robot's control!
Regirock disappeared deeper in the cave!
GRUNT: I'm really close to my mother's grave, but...
GRUNT: Everything is so different and dug up... I hope her grave wasn't destroyed.
Huh?
\PN, come here for a sec.
GRUNT: There's another one of these panel thingies.
The only difference here is that it says this is the "production line".
It's looking for an input from someone. See it? The green glowy button.
*click*
RESPONSE ACCEPTED.
STARTING PRODUCTION LINE.
GRUNT: Hey look! Something appeared on the conveyor belt.
\ts[5]...............
WARNING! VITAL COMPONENT CORE #1 MISSING!
10 SECONDS BEFORE AUTOMATIC COMPLETION.
GRUNT: Vital core #1 missing...? Should we...
5 SECONDS REMAINING BEFORE AUTOMATIC COMPLETION.
GRUNT: Should we stop the production?
AUTOMATIC COMPLETION IS NOW ONLINE. PROGRESSING...
GRUNT: Well, I guess that answers our question.
PRODUCT COMPLETED. EJECTING.
GRUNT: I think whatever we made will come out of there?
GRUNT: M-Madame X?!
GRUNT: Ma'am, I am so sorry about erasing Nastasia's harddrive! I don't even remember doing it!
Please spare me... I promise I'll do better!
GRUNT: ...Wait a minute.
This... isn't Madame X at all!
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
Activate the generators?
Sufficient power supply detected.
GRUNT: Hey, it looks like that worked!
My mother's grave should be really close by! Thank you!
Insufficient power supply.
ROBOT: Searching for identification!
Looking for users J and R... Searching... Searching...
Warning! Intruder! Personnel not validated!
It's... Madame X? It looks like her at least.
It's a pile of armor. It looks identical to Madame X's.
GRUNT: This thing just won't cooperate. There's no use...
GRUNT: Oh great...\| It's you. \PN. We haven't met before, but you're well known amongst us grunts...
Well, I guess I'm technically not a Grunt. I've been fired for something I didn't do. Something about deleting Nastasia's hard drive and ruining a really important
project...
GRUNT: Sigh, I'm talking to a brick wall. In short, I got fired, ran way, and now I'm here.
I wanted to see my mother's grave before...\| \c[6]It happens...
But the layout of this place has changed drastically since I was here last.
Made it all this way and ran into this grid. It won't let me through without the right amount of power.
Here, why don't you take a look? Maybe you can manage more than me.
REGISTEEL: Rwworup...
REGISTEEL: Rwworup!
Registeel seems to be no longer under that robot's control!
Registeel disappeared deeper in the cave!
Nature.
Who knows?
Sorry that was me.
Yes
No
[Map163]
STAFF: This room is for trainers that are staying at our lodge.
Sorry, but unless you sign up, we can't let you continue any further!
STAFF: Sorry, but this gate is currently undergoing lodge renovations.
Please come back at a later time.
STAFF: Hello! Welcome to the Route 3 Gate Lodge.
What can I provide you today?
STAFF: You're in luck! We have an opening just for you! Sleep tight, and don't let the bed bugs bite!
STAFF: Thank you! Please stop by again!
STAFF: We only sell the essentials at Gates, but I hope we have just what you need!
STAFF: Head east if you want to make your way to Sheridan Village.
Head south if you're headed towards Route 3 and Goldenleaf Town.
STAFF: Come again!
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
STAFF: We're opening up Gates all across the Aevium Region!
This one is still getting set up, so please come back later!
A place to rest.
A shop.
Directions?
Nothing, thanks!
Yes
No
[Map164]
SEC: OWWWIEEEE!!!!
Something opened up upstairs...!
Enter the building?
*Doors will now open.*
RISA: Let's end this game. Once and for all.
SEC: Oh, I'm sorry... Did you want to go upstairs?
Gonna have to catch me, IDIOT.
AMBER: What's your deal, Zetta? I'm getting real tired of being pushed and pulled places!
ZETTA: And I'm tired of cheaters. The ElectroBats. Hand 'em over.
RISA: You cheated first! That last trial is rigged!
ZETTA: Maybe if you all worked together, you'd make it through.
SAKI: We did work together! The product of our work are the ElectroBats!
We ain't given them up to you!
ZETTA: Fine then. I guess I'll have to make the SEC bots penalize you all for cheating.
SEC: I haven't seen \PN in so long and the first thing I get to do is punch their face in?
Now that's what I call content.
SAKI: Proposal.
\PN, Risa, Amber, and Saki all retrieved ElectroBats.\| Also known as the One-Hit-KO Bat.
RISA: Yeah...?
We keep the ElectroBats.
AND SMASH THEIR HEADS IN.
ZETTA: Are you serious? You're gonna fight back?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves n-
\PN, Risa, Amber, and Saki have had enough.
With your ElectroBat in hand, you are allowed to Go Wild.
Press the "A" key to wildly swing your ElectroBat.
To knock away SEC bots. Move towards them and press "A".
Enough is enough.
The ElectroBat fizzled away into nothing...\| Goodbye ElectroBat...
Something opened up...
"Auditorium."
???: Get out...\| Get out...\|
Get out...\| Get out of my head!
...
"School Store."
Won't budge.
Yes
No
[Map165]
GRUNT: Uh... Yeah, I can't do anything here.
Locked.
MELIA: Man... Where did we end up now? This place never ends.
NIM: Huh... Wait, I think I remember this room?
It's faint, but the memory is there...
MELIA: ...?
NIM: That's right... I remember this room now!
Melia, remember the patients we learned about in the room before.
MELIA: I don't think I could forget.
NIM: This place... This is where they would fuse someone with the Archetype.
MELIA: H-Here??
NIM: Yes, that's what I said. Not only that, but they also ran diagnostics here.
Anything that was wrong with a patient that held that Archetype's power was found through the machine in there.
Take a look.
MELIA: I see... So that pod there scans the individual inside it and then the results appear on screen?
NIM: Look at you... Using that brain of yours.
You're absolutely correct.
MELIA: It's just that... For some reason it's harder for me to manifest anything.
Whenever I try something, I just become so exhausted, and when I don't, it's sorta hard to stop myself.
I think... I think there's something wrong with me.
MELIA: Nim, I want to use this machine on myself.
NIM: Nice joke. C'mon, we still need to look for that elevator key.
MELIA: It's not a joke. Do you know how to use this machine?
NIM: ...I might.
MELIA: Good, I'll make may way to that room then.
NIM: Melia, I dunno what's wrong with you, but this is insane.
We just got shot at, and now you're gonna just hop into this thing?!
MELIA: Is it dangerous?
NIM: ...Not that I remember, at least.
MELIA: Stupid as it may be, that's good enough for me.
NIM: But...
MELIA: What's with the hesitation? You scared?
Or perhaps... You have concern for my well-being? That would be new...
NIM: Screw you, Melia.\| Fine, I'll operate the machine for you.
MELIA: Heh-heh, thanks Nim! You're the best!
NIM: Wait... She just baited me.\|\| Goddamnit.
MELIA: Nim, can you hear me?
NIM: Unfortunately.
MELIA: Yeah, yeah. I'm getting into it now. Just operate the pod.
NIM: Just operate the pod, she says. Bleh bleh bleh...
I'm doing it.
NIM: ...!
MELIA: Um, Nim? Is there something wrong?
<ac>NIM: If I do this, I can...
<ac>Scanning of the patient will now start.</ac>
???: Y-You shot them all... How could you do this to us, Variya?!
VARIYA: I'm sorry, Director, but I cannot stand by and watch you tear this world to ruin.
DIRECTOR: What is the meaning of this?!
VARIYA: I've recently discovered that your testing methods have been created for...
Well, more brutal reasons. To weaponize the Archetype's power...
After all we've been through, this is the path you chose.
DIRECTOR: You are well aware that the other world powers have caught on to the Archetype's existence, yes?!
It would be but days until they are at our doorstep waiting to steal that power from us.
VARIYA: And just who was the one who leaked confidential information like that to said world powers?
DIRECTOR: Wh-What are you implying?
VARIYA: I have proof that you've leaked info so that you could justify war.
You and all the others here at Garufa Inc. have gone along with this project for that sole reason.
The Archetype was created to saved humanity from a damned fate.
And your greed for power has let our ambitions run amok.
Adrest.
ADREST: Yes, Ma'am...?
VARIYA: Was the Archetype obtained?
ADREST: Yes, we've loaded it onto the aircraft.
It should be making its way to Eclysia as we speak.
VARIYA: *Sigh*...\| I'm glad.
ADREST: Ma'am...?
VARIYA: ...Yes?
ADREST: Was it necessary... to kill them?
VARIYA: If there was any other way... We've lost that opportunity.
DIRECTOR: Adrest, please! Get me out of here!
ADREST: ...
VARIYA: Go now, Adrest. We'll be making our way to the Pyramid as well.
VARIYA: As for you, Director.\| I'm afraid...
Your services are no longer required.
DIRECTOR: No... Variya, please! Don't shoo-
NIM: Melia!
MELIA: A-Ah? What's going on...?
(...What was that just now?)
NIM: Do you have any idea how long I've been trying to wake you up?
This was a simple scan, not nap time at granny's!
MELIA: R-Right, I'll get out of this now.
MELIA: So, have you seen the results?
NIM: ...
I think it's better if you see it for yourself.
MELIA: No...\| This can't be...
MELIA: Everything here is just... I can't process this.
The Archetype is rejecting my body...
Genesis Syndrome detected.\| I-I have Genesis Syndrome?!
NIM: Th-There has to be some sort of mistake here...
MELIA: ...\|No. This... This lines up perfectly.
My exhaustion, my nightmares, everything I've had--
And even then, the machine says I'm asymptomatic.
MELIA: All of the other patients we've come across died of Genesis Syndrome.
And that was with all of their advanced technology.
That means... Eventually, I too will-
NIM: Always the optimist, huh? Stop talking that way right now.
MELIA: What am I going to do? What's going to happen to me?
NIM: You've survived this long, haven't you?
MELIA: But how much time do I even have left...?
There's no way I can tell... anyone about this. This is--
NIM: Melia... Look, you have to tell everyone else no matter what.
This is serious.
MELIA: ...
NIM: Don't shut down on me!
MELIA: If I lose against Team Xen, I will die. If I win, the fate is the same...
NIM: Tch...
NIM: Look...\| What you said just now isn't true at all.
I mean... Even if your fate is the same, it does matter.
What about your friends? If Team Xen wins they're done for.
So at least, if anything else.... Fight for your friends, Melia.
MELIA: ...!
Nim... You're absolutely right.
I want... I want my friends and family to live happy lives. That's my biggest wish.
Even if there is no future for me... This is what I want most.
NIM: And you HAVE to tell everyone else. Promise me you'll tell them.
MELIA: I promise... Besides, my brother and sisters have the same power I do.
It's possible they're suffering from Genesis Syndrome as well.
And if that's the case... Then they need to know everything too.
Nim... You always know what to say. Thank you.
Yeah, don't mention it.
Anyway, we reached a dead-end. Luckily, I found the panel that opened the door that shut us out.
So we'll at least be able to make our way back.
MELIA: Yeah... Yeah, let's go back.
MELIA: Wait a minute...
NIM: Don't tell me it's time for your breakdown now?
I'm not good at playing counselor.
MELIA: No, I'm not going to have a breakdown.
It's just this place... It looks exactly like some place I visited.
Er, I dunno if I could call it "visiting"...
It was when Amanda knocked me out and carried me to Ignis Ironworks.
MELIA: I guess you could say I was lost in my own mind...
A long time ago, another person was absorbed into my subconscious.
And while she has no direct control, I learned that she has the power to somewhat influence my emotions.
While I have been monitoring myself, I still find myself becoming more emotional in some situations.
NIM: So it's like a second person living inside of your mind, right?
And you're questioning if the person you are now is the real one?
MELIA: Y-Yes, that's exactly it, Nim.
NIM: Stop worrying, that's not possible.
What's more likely is that\c[6] you've created this person inside your mind because they left an incredible impression on you.
Because of this, a cognitive version of this person began to exist within your subconscious.
These emotions aren't coming from them, but from YOU as a result of trauma.
It's a way for you to shift blame of unwanted emotions away from yourself.
\c[6]Overlapping doesn't have side effects where there are two beings in one mind.
NIM: Don't get me wrong though, she's real as long as you consider her to be.
Is that what you wanted to hear?
MELIA: Nim, I never mentioned anything about overlapping to you.
I mean, that's-\| I can-\| Well, there's just-
MELIA: Speaking of which, you seem to know a lot more than you let off.
And you've been especially skittish since we've grouped up together.
What is up with you, Nim? What else are you hiding?
NIM: I understood your situation, because I thought I was the same.
Someone living inside of my head, that is.
MELIA: Huh?
NIM: Ever since I was born... Uh, manifested-- I've been having dreams about this other person.
She would talk to me, and I would sometimes see her memories.
I thought they were just dreams, but it turned out... That they weren't.
MELIA: Who was this person who was inside your mind?
NIM: She was the person I took my name from.\| Her name was Nymiera.
MELIA: ...That does line up with what Alexandra said back in Sashila.
NIM: That's how I know about all that stuff, by the way.
Recently her memories have been surging into my mind like a waterfall.
And I don't know why.
However, it's because of that, that I can answer all these questions.
MELIA: But that would imply that Nymiera's been down here before.
NIM: It's less so an implication, and more of "I'm outright telling you this".
Nymiera HAS been down here before, and she's scavenged through just about everything...\| I think.
MELIA: That's... insane to think about.
NIM: But it's still foggy to me. I had no knowledge of that room with the patients and all...
MELIA: Even still, it doesn't explain why this place is identical to the one in my mind.
NIM: I don't have <i>all</i> the answers. Lay off.
MELIA: Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean to turn this into an interrogation.
Still, you and Nymiera must be connected in some way.
NIM: ...Come on, there isn't much left of this place.
MELIA: Yeah.
MCHN_CLAYDOL: INTRUDER ALERT. INTRUDER ALERT.
MELIA: Ugh... It's one thing after the other!
NIM: Heheh, new friends! Let's PLAY!
MELIA: One day I wish we'd have a mission that didn't involve fighting.
NIM: Fighting is all there is.
MELIA: You can believe that if you want. I don't agree, personally.
NIM: Hmph.
MELIA: That being said, I think we make a great team, Nim.
NIM: Wh-Wha?
NIM: Heh, we make a great "team"? Don't make me laugh.
Tell that to my broken back, Melia. I'll show you how it's really done.
MELIA: Oops! Sorry, you were a little slow on that one so I decided to give you a helping hand.
NIM: Hah, I see... So that's how you wanna do this.
Fine, well played. I won't fall for that a second time.
I'll show you who the better fighter is among the both of us.
Spoilers, the answer is me.
MELIA: Oooh, I dunno about that one. Hapi said you lack technique.
That might come back to bite you later.
NIM: What the hell does this fat pigeon know about technique??
MELIA: This fat pigeon knows a lot more than you apparently.
Let's try and keep up, Nim.
NIM: Heh, you don't need to worry about that.
Nim joined Melia!
The elevator won't respond.
Which Floor?
MELIA: If I didn't have that shield from earlier...
...
MELIA: Ren, Venam!
VENAM: You guys! There you are!
REN: See, I told you things would work out if we just stayed put.
VENAM: Alright, you win this time, Ren.
Anyway, what were you two up to?
REN: Melia? What's wrong?
MELIA: Um... I...\| Nothing, did you find the elevator key?
VENAM: ...Yeah, turns out a Grunt did have an elevator key on him.
We should be able to take it up to the top now.
REN: C'mon, we wasted enough time down here as it is.
Let's get out of this dump, finally.
NIM: What the hell, Melia?! You promised me.
MELIA: I know, and I intend on telling them everything.
But this is not the time.
Our main objective is to stop Madelis and Cassandra from escaping.
When that's done, then I'll explain everything.
NIM: ...?!
MELIA: It's like I said before. My family may be in danger too.
Whether or not I want to, I have a responsibility to keep them safe.
Even if I sacrifice everything to keep them safe, I'll-
NIM: ...Rghghh...
MELIA: N-Nim, are you okay??
NIM: Wh-Why...?
MELIA: How many floors does this building have??
VENAM: From just taking a look at the building from the outside...
REN: It's a lot. A lot of floors. Probably hundreds.
MELIA: We'll pass out from exhaustion before we get to the top of this thing.
NIM: What do you want us to do? Fly up to the top?
MELIA: No, I've tried that already. The top is covered with rock.
VENAM: There's gotta be a way to get that elevator active again, right?
NIM: All we need is a card. We should look for an extra somewhere.
MELIA: Wouldn't it make sense for a Xen Grunt to have one as well?
Seeing as there are a couple down here and I doubt they have the intention of walking up hundreds of stairs.
NIM: Smart. Maybe we should head back and confront a Grunt about it.
VENAM: Ren and I can take care of that. Nim and Melia can go on ahead.
Any objections to this?
NIM: Fine with me.
MELIA: None here.
VENAM: Cool, let's get this done.
MELIA: Whoa, look at this place. It's different from that other building.
REN: ...I don't know why, but this place is giving me bad vibes.
VENAM: I think I know what you're talking about. Something's real weird here.
MELIA: Um, guys... I can't explain it, but I have a real big desire to go upstairs.
VENAM: It's probably your instincts telling you where the exit is.
That'd make sense too. We fell down, so the only way out is up.
MELIA: I dunno...
REN: ...
VENAM: ...
I'm not here to fight you.
VENAM: What?
NIM: I said I'm not here to fight you guys. I'm done fighting.
MELIA: Huh...? But why the sudden change of heart?
NIM: You guys said before... That what I know are all just lies.
Can you prove that?
NIM: I... I want to believe you all. You just seemed so sincere back then.
I'm conflicted. Crescent showed me everything that happened with a vision.
It seemed so vivid and real that I didn't consider the possibility that it could be fake...
MELIA: A vision? In that case...
I think there is one way we can explain the discrepancies.
VENAM: There is?
MELIA:\c[6] The girl with the red hair.\| Let me explain...
\ts[1]Melia explained everything she knew about the girl with red hair.
NIM: So you're saying that the Crescent I saw, could've been someone else entirely?
And according to this girl with red hair, Crescent is dead?
REN: That's the gist of it, yeah. She's capable of creating indistinguishable scenarios.
We've all been fooled by it once or twice.
NIM: So then what's real?
VENAM: ...Huh?
NIM: Ren said it himself. If she can create indistinguishable scenarios...
Then how do we know that everything we've gone through up to this point is real?
For all we know, every step has been pre-determined, scripted, and fabricated.
I'm asking. What is the truth?
MELIA: I...
NIM: ...Sigh. Never mind. I'm going to choose to believe you guys.
...Even if it still turns out to be a lie in the end.
Because... I wanna believe that my friends would never abandon me.
MELIA: Nim...
NIM: And I'm going to travel with you guys. Whether you like it or not.
NIM: Got it?!
MELIA: No objections from me.
REN: I'm fine with this.
VENAM: Just don't try to pull anything stupid.
NIM: Good.
Oh, and just so you know... I ran into Team Xen on the way down here.
So be ready to fight.
MELIA: We always are.
Group talk is now available!
Do you notice the icons on the top left? This means that you have party members with you!
Whenever these icons appear, this means you can engage in Group Talk!
To activate Group Talk, press the "A" key on your keyboard.
During Group Talk, your companions will have unique things to say depending on the room you're in.
NIM: We could just break the door down.
MELIA: And get gunned down by some security measure we don't know about?
I'm fine just looking for the key, thanks.
NIM: You can just use that shield again.
MELIA: Using that power exhausts me. If I use it again I don't know if I could even stand.
NIM: So weak.
MELIA: It is what it is.
MELIA: Looks like this key doesn't work for this door.
NIM: There was another locked door just to the right of here.
MELIA: Right.
MELIA: The Archetype destroyed Azar's eyes?!
Who is subjecting these people to these horrible experiments?!
NIM: Garufa Incorporated. That's what this place is, right?
Can't be a coincidence that these test facilities are sectioned off.
MELIA: This place has experienced a ton of death and malpractice...
Of course Team Xen would be snooping around in a place like this.
NIM: Stop moping around. Look, there's another key underneath the letter.
Melia got a key!
GRUNT: Huh? You made it all the way up here?
MELIA: Oh no... Even Team Xen made it past this point??
NIM: It doesn't change anything. Let's just do what we always do!
At this rate...
MELIA: Do you have an elevator card on you?
GRUNT: None of us in this section of the building were given elevator cards.
MELIA: Great...
NIM: We can find our own if we just keep looking. Let's go.
NIM: Damnit, we need to retreat!
MELIA: Y-Yeah...
NIM: What are we doing losing to a couple of basic Grunts?
We need to get it together!
GRUNT: Don't waste your time with a lowly grunt like me.
NIM: We won't.
GRUNT: W-Wait...
<ac>*Archetype detected in (1) individual. Closing doors immediately.*</ac>
NIM: What the hell? What's going on here?
<ac>*Activating forced transformation.*</ac>
MELIA: Ack...!
NIM: What are you doing?!
MELIA: I didn't do this!
<ac>*Scanning Archetype holder. Please wait a moment.*</ac>
<ac>*Scanning complete. Mastery Level: Error. Power level: Error.*</ac>
<ac>*Loading medium challenge difficulty.*</ac>
NIM: Melia, look!
MELIA: Oh...
NIM: Shit...
MELIA: NIM!
<ac>*Commencing gatling.*</ac>
MELIA: Aaggghhhh!!!
MELIA: D-DON'T JUST STAND THERE! DO SOMETHING!
NIM: Goddamnit!
NIM: This thing could turn around and fill me full of holes by just hitting it.
And I'd rather not walk outta here lookin' like a slice of swiss cheese.
MELIA: YEAH??? SAME.
NIM: I got an idea! Can you push that shield back or something?
MELIA: I DON'T KNOW! I JUST LEARNED I COULD DO THIS HALF AN HOUR AGO!
NIM: Calm down, and try it out! Otherwise you're done for!
MELIA: Damnit, Melia... You CAN DO THIS!
NIM: Perfect. Just what I needed.
NIM: Implode you stupid machine!
MELIA: Huff...\| Huff...
That was close. Too close.\| If I didn't have that shield...
NIM: You would've been torn apart by bullets, yes.
MELIA: Awesome.
NIM: Say, that transformation you've been doing...
I saw it before, but is that because of the Archetype?
MELIA: Yes... I've only just recently awakened this power.
I'm still getting used to it, but... Something in this room forced me to transform.
I think this room is like... A shooting range kind of place.
MELIA: Not necessarily a shooting range, but a place of practice in general.
NIM: Yeah, it detected the Archetype within you and automatically set up a sort of "training course".
MELIA: The implications of that aren't nice to think about.
NIM: Well, either way... That was kinda fun, wasn't it?
MELIA: Um, no.
NIM: Right, right. You were on the side of the bullets.
Well, I got good news and bad news.
MELIA: Let's start with the bad, I guess.
NIM: The door that locked us in is still closed, so...
I think we screwed something up with this training course or something.
<ac>*Malfunction. Gatling Turret unusable. Proceed as necessary.*</ac>
NIM: Now would you look at that.
Well, we can't go backwards, so we just gotta go forward.
NIM: If you're worried about Ren and Venam, I'm sure they'll be fine.
MELIA: I'm not worried about them. I know they can handle anything.
It's...
Nothing, never mind.
NIM: Suit yourself. Let's go.
Melia found a door key!
NIM: This should be useful...
MELIA: Oh... Oh God...
The turret in the last room... It...
NIM: That's kind of a given, you know? Of course people died there.
MELIA: I don't know if I can read these anymore...
NIM: It sounds like these people suffered an immense amount of pain and anguish.
I feel like the least you could do is hear out their final words.
MELIA: Y-You're right...
Looks like there's yet another key here. Let's keep going.
Which command?
VENAM: What do you suppose this place is?
MELIA: It looks like the lobby of some corporation's headquarters.
NIM: I think that much is obvious. Just look at this place.
REN: Perhaps this is a Garufan settlement again like we theorized.
It's just like back at Eclysia. The style is similar.
But yet, they're quite different as well. Odd, isn't it?
VENAM: Could you describe the differences you've noticed?
REN: Well, for one, this place is trying to burn my eyes with its color scheme.
Seriously, I would believe you if you said this place didn't have any lighting.
NIM: Your eyes must be light sensitive.
REN: Yeah, I have Photophobia. Harsh lights give me migraines and all the like.
MELIA: Ren, I never knew that about you...
REN: Guess that conversation never really needed to come up. I have glasses for it.
But I don't really think glasses look good on me...
NIM: So what if they don't look good on you? Does that matter?
You're stupid for letting a shallow reason like that stop you from caring for yourself.
REN: Dang... You really dug into me there. Nothing I can deny, though.
MELIA: Poor Ren...
MELIA: Hm...
VENAM: What are you thinking about?
MELIA: I was trying to figure out a way to turn this display on.
The surface of the table has a display, right?
REN: Looks like one to me.
NIM: Don't waste your breath. That thing is voice activated.
None of us here have the authorization to mess with this thing.
VENAM: Kinda convenient that you know all that, huh?
What aren't you telling us, Nim?
NIM: I have nooooo idea what you're talking about.
REN: Uh-huh.
VENAM: Can you just tell us?
NIM: Why are you guys so curious anyway? It's just a display, like you said.
You wanna know what it displays? It displays irrelevant info that won't add anything.
Like the temperature of the building, and stuff like that.
REN: Who knows? Maybe information like that could be crucial to know.
NIM: Tough luck then, cause I can't turn it on.
VENAM: If you can't turn it on, then how do you know that stuff?
NIM: I just do. Just take my word for it, please.
MELIA: Alright then. We'll take your word for it.
VENAM: Hmph.
MELIA: Hospital beds...?
VENAM: This place could be the hospital building of this settlement.
No matter where people reside, you need medical facilities somewhere.
NIM: They did treat people here, but I wouldn't exactly call this place a hospital.
VENAM: Look at that, she knows more. Spill the beans then.
What were people here treated for?
NIM: ...Injuries.
REN: We kinda got that.
NIM: Maybe I'll talk if you pay.
VENAM: Oh for the love of... I'm not giving you any money, Nim.
NIM: The heck? I don't want your stupid money.
MELIA: What do you want then?
NIM: I was talking about Gourmet Treats. I love those things.
Give Nim a Gourmet Treat?
MELIA: Alright... Here you go, Nim. One fresh Gourmet Treat for you.
NIM: Gimme gimme!
NIM: *Monch* *Monch*... Man... These things arwe gweat... Mmm!
MELIA: Well?
NIM: Kay. Well, they experimented on people in this building.
And when experiments went badly, they were brought here to be treated.
NIM: Yeah. That's about it, really. Well, all I know, I mean.
VENAM: You sure?
NIM: Maybe if I had another Gourmet Treat...
VENAM: No.
MELIA: Sorry, but...
NIM: Rude. Guess you won't get your info.
MELIA: Oh... I don't have any of those on me right now.
VENAM: I don't either.
REN: Outta luck here too.
NIM: Sad.
MELIA: Team Xen is all over this room... How'd they'd assemble so quickly?
VENAM: They were probably in the area.
REN: Xen HQ has a ton of teleport points that they use to travel all around the region.
It's how they were able to stay incognito for such a long time.
One moment they're one place, and another they're somewhere else.
VENAM: What the hell? Why don't we have cool tech like that?
REN: Nastasia was the one who invented it, and it's pretty handy.
Not without its faults, though...
Only one person can go through a teleporter at a time since it's so small.
Whenever we need to carry things places, we have to do things the old fashioned way.
VENAM: Poor Team Xen!!! They have to ride the subway too!
Boo-hoo!!
Team up with?
MELIA: Ren, could you help me out?
REN: Right behind you!
MELIA: Hey, Venam... Mind working with me for a bit?
VENAM: Do you even have to ask?
MELIA: Nim, let's team up!
NIM: ...Sigh, if I have to.
MELIA: Gonna work solo for a while.
REN: Gotcha.
VENAM: ...Aw.
NIM: Loser.
MELIA: Genesis Syndrome... That sounds terrifying.
NIM: The Archetype is trying to find a way to power itself.
As a result it tries to take power from its host, but it's never enough...
So do you just die in bed or something?
MELIA: I don't even wanna think about it.
NIM: Oh look, another key. Who saw that one coming.
GRUNT: Data suggests that your downfall is here and now.
MELIA: I think you'll have to look at the data again because there seems to be some errors.
What are you even doing here in the 3rd Layer?!
GRUNT: Wh-What?! The data is never wrong...
MELIA: As a result of his disease, he lost the ability to speak.
NIM: Not to mention he presumably lost his vision entirely at some point.
That is, if he didn't die of the disease beforehand.
MELIA: A grim thought... That's... awful.
NIM: I wonder, what does that mean for you?
Patient: Sebastion.\nGender: Other. Age: 23. Height: 173 cm.
Archetype Status: Rejected. Life Status: Deceased.
MELIA: Archetype status... rejected?
What does it mean to be rejected by the Archetype?
NIM: I think we can infer from what's just below that status.
"Life Status: Deceased."
MELIA: Oh no...
NIM: They couldn't handle its power. Poor Sebastion.
But that's what happens to the weak in this world. You get eaten up.
GRUNT: Well would you look at this. Would you mind coming with me?
MELIA: Would you mind staying far away from me?
No, that's quite unfortunate.
GRUNT: Imagine if this went differently...
GRUNT: Well look who it is! Melia, why are you giving us so many problems?
MELIA: Team Xen Grunt. Why are you needlessly harassing people?
GRUNT: Because we want to survive!
MELIA: Our reasoning is the same.
You've gotten so strong... What can we do now?
GRUNT: This isn't good... If we can't capture you now then...
MELIA: Her name was Emma...?
NIM: Are you losing your mind over another casualty?
When will you get used to-
MELIA: ...Wait a moment. Something's wrong here.
NIM: What?
MELIA: It's what Emma wrote down here.
"But this is the path me and the other volunteers have chose."
MELIA: These people weren't subjected to a life of experimentation.
\c[6]They were volunteers.
NIM: There's no way...
There's no way these people threw away their lives for nothing!
MELIA: They didn't throw away their lives for "no reason".
Didn't you read what they said in all of their letters?
They expressed their belief in Garufa Inc.
Every patient here said that Garufa Inc. would "save" them.
NIM: Save them from what?!
MELIA: I don't know.
But whatever it was, it was worth sacrificing their lives for.
\sh\c[7]NIM: NO!
MELIA: N-Nim??
NIM: It doesn't make sense! Why would... Why would anyone?!
I just... I don't...
MELIA: H-Hey, it's okay. Here... Lemme-
NIM: I don't want your help!
MELIA: You keep saying that, but it's evident that that's not the case.
I'm going to help you regardless of what you say.
MELIA: ...Are you sure these will make you feel better?
NIM: Y-Yeah, I love Gourmet Treats.\| *Munch* *Munch* *Munch* ...
MELIA: Well, good. I'm happy you're feeling better.
NIM: Stop acting like we're friends.
MELIA: We are friends.
NIM: ...Fine, we can be friends, but stop being nice to me.
MELIA: No.
NIM: You just don't know when to leave a girl alone, you know that?
MELIA: Yes.
NIM: Whatever, I've had my breakdown. We can leave now.
MELIA: But why did you have a breakdown? Do you want to talk about it?
I just... I just don't want to talk about it.
MELIA: That's fine. I'm not going to pry. Talk to me when you're comfortable doing so.
NIM: ...What if I'll never be comfortable enough to do so?
MELIA: That's an issue you have to work out yourself, but you have people who are willing to help.
Can we just leave now? I don't want to be here anymore...
MELIA: Of course. I found a key in here as well, after all.
MELIA: How horrible...
This is another case of the Archetype rejecting a certain person.
Does rejection mean certain death?
NIM: Hm... Hard to say. We've only seen two cases of it actually doing so.
MELIA: Her name is Lunala... Wait, isn't that a Legendary Pokemon?
The Goddess of the Moon, Lunala.
NIM: So? It's most certainly a coincidence.
MELIA: Perhaps...\| Oh, there was a key underneath this thing.
NIM: Nice.
GRUNT: I can't make heads or tails with the information these panels give me.
Everything is in a strange language I don't understand...
Why am I even talking to you? I'm going to get in trouble if this continues...
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
GRUNT: I knew I'd find you running around here if I just waited a little!
MELIA: Always persistent, Team Xen. That much I can give you all.
I failed to capture you..?
GRUNT: I couldn't defeat you all...
Top Floor.
3rd Floor.
Ground Floor.
Group Talk
Change Partner
Nothing
Yes
No
Ren
Venam
Nim
More
No one
Nevermind.
[Map166]
DUSKULL: Snor!
RANGER: The Wooloo here love drinking MooMoo Milk.
Here, please accept some I have leftover.
RANGER: A girl named Beth sells her MooMoo Milk in Sheridan!
You should go to her if you want any more.
WOOLOO: Mrehh!!
RANGER: I've always seen wild Pidove run by this bridge during the day.
Wonder where they go sleep when the night comes?
RANGER: Phew, that was a walk... But I gotta keep going!
RANGER: Just starting my patrol, stranger.
RANGER: Just doing patrol, stranger. No need to be alarmed.
\sh\c[7]NIM: S-Stop!!
AELITA: Nim?
NIM: Sorry for screaming, but as your friend I must bring up some crucial info!
You guys c-can't go to Akuwa Town! It's too dangerous!
AELITA: ...Dangerous? What do you mean?
NIM: I'm sorry to say that Saki Blakeory isn't in Akuwa Town.
In fact, no one is.
\sh\c[7]B-Because Team Xen swooped in and kidnapped everyone!!
AELITA: Wh-What??
NIM: I was in Akuwa Town trying out the local Gourmet Treat options...
By the way, did you know Strawberry Blast is the best kind?
If you guys have any cravings for that, you should try it!
AELITA: Nim...
NIM: Oh yeah.
NIM: Suddenly these Xen Grunts swept in and started kidnapping people!
I was able to get away, but the people there weren't so lucky...
NIM: So I'm asking, like, for reals! Don't go to Akuwa Town!
AELITA: This is more reason why we should go, though.
\PN and I have faced Team Xen multiple times now.
If anyone is able to fend them off, it's us!
NIM: ...
Oohhh, that's it! You're gonna make me do it!
If you guys won't listen to reason, then I'll just make you!
Time for a rematch \PN! Let's see if you're good enough to hold your own!
What the heck?! How'd you beat me?
NIM: Wow... You're strong, \PN.
Way stronger than you were in Amethyst Cave...
AELITA: See! We're good enough to hold our own!
If \PN and I are together, our wombo combo cannot be beaten!
NIM: I see... Maybe I'm just being paranoid.
AELITA: We'll be f-fine...\| Oh... Huh? I feel kinda woozy all of a sudden...
Am I getting cold feet or somethin'? What's going on?
NIM: I... I gotta go. Please be safe you guys.
Don't underestimate Team Xen or else you're gonna get bodied!
AELITA: W-Wait, Nim!
Dang, there she goes...
So Akuwa Town's in trouble... Team Xen never knows when to quit.
AELITA: Let's get in there and give them the ol' one-two, \PN!
"Cairo's Den."
This place is haunted at night because...
Of nothing... I don't know why it's haunted.
ZANGOOSE: Graoos!
I think I see double!
Don't you see double?
If not, I may need to see a doctor...
The Den is empty and stagnant.
Throw a Rift Fragment down into the Den?
\PN threw a Rift Fragment down into the Den!
The Den became activated!
\PN got 500 Red Essence!
\PN got 250 Red Essence!
\PN got 1000 Red Essence!
Route 4 seems to have changed today!
SEVIPER: SSssss!
RANGER: Route 4 has a lot to explore. I'm happy you've come this far!
RANGER: That's all I have for today. Try finding me again sometime!
OLD MAN: Route 4 is home to a vast amount of different Pokemon.
Some of which are predatory threats to Wooloo.
I'm keeping an eye out for those pesky things.
RANGER: Please stay safe out there, Trainer!
Pokemon roam this place freely. Things can get dire. Quickly.
This Ranger seems to be up in her own thoughts...
Yes
No
[Map167]
???: Sob Sob!
AELITA: There you guys are! Let's take a moment to relax and reset!
AELITA: It was so nice of Narcissa to send us off with this supply bag!
Came with a tent and two sleeping bags! Nifty!
Hey, Nim. How close are we to Akuwa Town?
NIM: ...
Um, we're not too far now. We just have to follow the path up north and we're there...
AELITA: Tubular! We're making record breaking time!
NIM: M-Me? I'm fine! I'm totally fine, there's nothing weird at all!
In fact, I'm going to prove it by giving you a wacky fun fact!
Did you know you could dip your french fries into milkshakes? It's true!
AELITA: Huh...\| I guess I never thought to try that. Maybe next time!
NIM: It's very good...!
NIM: M-Me? Acting weird? N-No, it's okay! Hahahahaha.\| Ha.
AELITA: Hmm, are you sure?
NIM: Yes! Please do not worry about me.
A-Anyway, what's so important about Akuwa Town and this Saki Blakeory?
I mean, do you guys really have to go?
AELITA: Yes! \PN and I are doing it so we can get this Snag Machine repaired.
We've been constantly battling against Team Xen, and even stumbled onto their Shadow Pokemon production site!
That place is destroyed now, though, so there may not be many Shadows left.
But as long as they exist, we cannot let Team Xen use them for evil!
NIM: Oof, um... About that...
\sh\c[7]AELITA: WHAT??
Shadow Pokemon are native to this place because of Xen experiments?!
Well isn't that just awesome... I'm gonna knock a Xen Grunt out the next time I see one!
NIM: It's horrible, but that's what Cairo said to us a bit before.
AELITA: Well, first and foremost, we'll have to beat Team Xen so they can stop all types of production.
It's the only way, and frankly, I think clearing Route 4 of all Shadow Pokemon may be too big of a job for us...
NIM: Yeah, maybe...
AELITA: Anyway, I'm gonna get a little bit of shut eye.
We may be close, but dang I'm tired! Let's get some good rest everyone!
FLABEBE: Beb!
AELITA: Alrighty, we didn't sleep very long, but I'm ready to goooo.
Akuwa Town is just up ahead, people! Let's get it done!
NIM: Hhhhgh...
RANGER: The mist here is calming... Do you feel calm too?
This helps calm the poison within' our minds.
RANGER: The mist here will calm the mind.
Hey, you got a moment?
Wah! You weren't supposed to win!
You're not playing by the rules!
Route 4 seems to have changed today!
The Den is empty and stagnant.
Throw a Rift Fragment down into the Den?
\PN threw a Rift Fragment down into the Den!
The Den became activated!
\PN got 500 Red Essence!
\PN got 250 Red Essence!
\PN got 1000 Red Essence!
You okay, Nim?
You're acting weird...
Yes
No
[Map168]
That's a "Magikarp", little one.
It's weak now, but when it evolves it will be a fierce and unstoppable Pokemon!
CAIRO: Well met. I see you made it to my humble abode.
CAIRO: I sense Red Essence... You've interacted with a Den then?
Yes, very good. That is good. Very very good. Good good.
That means you've saved a Pokemon from the clutches of the dark.
CAIRO: Red Essence is the residue found within Dens.
It is the residue left behind from Shadow Pokemon's aura.
CAIRO: It is dangerous to all forms of life. Not just Pokemon.
Too much Red Essence can result in... Less than favorable positions.
Actually, I've been researching and collecting Red Essence.
If you find Red Essence, you should bring them here.
I will be happy to part ways with valuable items in exchange for them.
I would say to make yourself at home, but I value my personal space.
Regardless, welcome here, you are.
CAIRO: Very well. I only sell in bulks of 10.
CAIRO: No money.
CAIRO: Fine.
CAIRO: I see that you have Red Essence.
Let's see what we got.\ch[1,3,Bike Voucher,Noctowl Crest, Phione Crest]
CAIRO: I only had one.
CAIRO: You already have a bike. Imbecile. You can't ride two bikes.
That's just not possible.
CAIRO: Very well, that will be 250 Red Essence.
CAIRO: You've earned it.
CAIRO: Not enough! I can't do anything with this amount.
CAIRO: Hmph.
CAIRO: Very well, that will be 2,000 Red Essence.
CAIRO: Darkness need not hide from me. I will find it no matter what.
CAIRO: Very well. I sell these in bulk too.
Let's see what we got.\ch[1,7,Bike Voucher,Noctowl Crest, Phione Crest, Luxray Crest, Druddigon Crest, Thievul Crest, Samurott Crest, None.]
CAIRO: Very well, that will be 5,000 Red Essence.
Let's see what we got.\ch[1,11,Bike Voucher,Noctowl Crest, Phione Crest, Luxray Crest, Druddigon Crest, Thievul Crest, Samurott Crest, Boltund Crest, Probopass Crest, Swalot Crest, Cincinno Crest, None]
CAIRO: Very well, that will be 9,000 Red Essence.
Let's see what we got.\ch[1,13,Bike Voucher,Noctowl Crest, Phione Crest, Luxray Crest, Druddigon Crest, Thievul Crest, Samurott Crest, Boltund Crest, Probopass Crest, Swalot Crest, Cincinno Crest, Delcatty Crest, None]
CAIRO: Very well, that will be 14,000 Red Essence.
Mommy? What Pokemon is in this ball? It looks... pathetic.
CHESPIN: Chesp!
CAIRO: Hm...
\PN, that is a significant amount of Red Essence you've collected.
It must have taken quite a few battles within the Rift Dens to gather that much.
Hmm...
You have learned the ways of purging evil... I respect it.
Take that Chespin with you. It will serve you well.
CAIRO: Hmph, yes. Good. Keep on doing what you're doing.
CAIRO: Hmph! A vile answer!
CAIRO: Leave that little one alone.
It was the first Pokemon I rescued from those dastardly Dens.
I purged the evil within its heart, and it's been with me ever since.
As much as I enjoy its company, I must say that I have unintentionally neglected it.
It needs a partner worthy enough to take care of it.
CLERK: Welcome to Akuwa Town! Please enjoy your stay!
It seems to be a journal of some sorts. It's titled "My Research".
"CAIRO: I've lived in Neverwinter for most of my life, but in the past few years I've sensed something dark.
I've followed the scent and it's left me on Route 4.
I've encountered a narcissistic red haired woman who seemed to be messing with something in the ground.
She was speaking about how her "experimentation" with Rift Matter started to produce a special type of Pokemon called "Shadow Pokemon".
The Dens on the ground would absorb nearby Pokemon into it and shroud it with darkness.
When they re-emerged from the ground, a shadowy aura would surround the Pokemon."
"I've driven off the woman many times, and soon enough she never returned.
Subsequently, I've tried to destroy the Dens, but even for me that seems impossible.
The best I can do is find a way to purify the Dens completely...
In the meantime, rescuing Pokemon using Rift Fragments seems to do just fine.
It's a hassle, but it's not without its rewards.
\c[6]Pokemon found in dens with a blue beam seems to have different attributes.
When purified, I've observed that some Pokemon could use moves that are normally impossible for them to know.
It seems that the narcissist did her best to change the DNA structures of anything that fell into her experiment."
AELITA: Nim wasn't kidding. This place is deserted, and all...
So quiet. You could hear a Caterpie crawling around in this silence.
Let's be on our guard, \PN...
What is Red Essence?
Is this dangerous?
Scents Shop
Red Essence Shop
Fragment Shop
None.
Joy Scent $5,000
Excite Scent $8,500
Vivid Scent $11,000
None
Yes
No
Fragmentsx5 $4,956
Fragmentsx10 $14,868
Fragments x25 $24,780
Got it!
But...
Read it.
Looks boring...
Read more
[Map169]
MELIA: I know this place as well.
This was when I formally met \v[12] for the first time.
\v[12] and Ren saved me after Garbodor attacked...
But where is \v[12]?
EMMA: \v[12] is gone.
But you knew this already.
MELIA: Urgh...
EMMA: ...We're running out of time. Let's expedite this.
I'm bringing you in.
MELIA: This is Blacksteeple Castle's throne room...
EMMA: Indeed. This is where you, \v[12], and Aelita bested Neved.
MELIA: Why am I here?
EMMA: ...
Regardless of whether or not you understand me, you will wake up.
Have you not realized it by now?
The three people who are closest to you have appeared before you.
MELIA: I'm still confused...
EMMA: If you cannot comprehend... Then you don't deserve any of them.
And you don't deserve to wake up.
MELIA: W-Wait!
If you've gotten this far, then...
MELIA: S-Stop attacking me!
What was the reason you started your journey?
MELIA: I was forced into it because of Team Xen.
EMMA: False.
That was the precursor. You made a conscious decision at some point.
MELIA: ...?
EMMA: It was to save a friend, was it not?
To repay a debt that you owed...
You knew that your friends were unsafe in the world at its current state.
Although it was a mission given to you, it was something you accepted almost without control.
Which brings you to this spot.
The failure that stripped you of your confidence.
MELIA: M-My bow!
EMMA: \v[12] and Venam got you this as a gift.
It is a symbol of your friendship with them.
It has transcended time and space. Do you understand now?
MELIA: I think I understand now, but...
What can I do? \v[12] is gone... Madame X is nowhere to be found.
EMMA: \v[12] is no more...\| In this time.
We can still be successful and reverse all of this.
We can go back to a time where all of our friends are still here.
It's impossible to save every life. We've realized this.
However, a difference can still be made.
??? & EMMA: Destiny is not set.
EMMA: Besides, we promised someone something a long time ago, remember?
"MOM: If things go awry and I don't make it out of Blacksteeple Castle...
Please, look after \v[12] in my stead. They are everything to me.
I will pass comfortably knowing there are people looking out for them.
So please..."
MELIA: Yes, yes, you're right!
My friends... They also mean everything to me.
They're the whole reason why I'm here in the first place.
I've decided.
MELIA: No more wallowing in my own sadness.
Everyone put themselves in danger to make sure I'm safe.
To make sure we can live peacefully...
I can't just give up after they've displayed so much kindness!
I'm ready to wake up.
EMMA: Then let's wake up.
Let's end this. Everyone's counting on us now.
MELIA: ...
This is the end of the road, I suppose.
\PN and I tried our best but it didn't work out in the end.
Guess this is what we get for trying to run away.
We were going to abandon everyone. This is payment for that sin?
Even after seeing through Melanie's facade... It was all hopeless.
She was always one step ahead of us no matter what we did.
MELIA: \v[12] even tried saving me in the end, but that blast still got the both of us.
I'm so sorry, \v[12].
???: Where did we go so wrong?
Are we seriously going to keep wallowing in our own self-pity?
MELIA: Y-You're...
EMMA: I've been waiting for you ever since you left me behind on Blacksteeple.
Rude of you to do so, by the way.
MELIA: But how? Why are you talking to me like this?
EMMA: Why does it matter?
You surrendered your life, right? That's what you were doing?
MELIA: I mean... Just look at where I am. This must be the afterlife, right?
EMMA: It doesn't have to be.
EMMA: Just follow me. You'll see what I mean.
PROF JENNER: Melia, this is Veronica. Ms. Chasity's daughter.
You know her, right? She comes over for tea every now and then.
CHASITY: Hi there, Melia. Remember me?
CHASITY: Jenner, are you feeding this kid? She's as white as a ghost!
PROF JENNER: Forgive her. She still doesn't talk to anyone but me.
I was hoping after being here for a few months she'd open up, but...
\sh\c[7]VERONICA: MY NAME IS VERONICA NICE TO MEET YOU!!!
MELIA: I barely remember this at all... This is the first time I met Venam.
It's all so foggy...
Why am I being shown this now?
REN: Hey, nice to meet you guys! My name is Ren.
I'm going to be working with the Professor from here on out.
VENAM: You're the new assistant everyone at the lab's been talking about?
For some reason I was expecting some nerd from Grand Dream City.
Instead we got some geeky kid from Goldenleaf Town.
MELIA: Venam, why do you always have to be that way?
My name is Melia. I'm the Professor's daughter.
REN: Awesome! I guess that means we'll be working together sometimes.
I'm hoping we can become friends.
This is when I met Ren for the first time.
EMMA: This relationship is strained, isn't it?
Notice how I said "strained", and not broken.
Despite everything you two have been through, there's still a semblance of a friendship there.
MELIA: Ren and I had been very close for over a year before this all started.
I considered him an irreplaceable friend. Just like Venam, at the time.
But then he got mixed up in Team Xen affairs, and I just don't know anymore.
EMMA: That's fair.
Let's proceed. We're almost to the end.
[Map170]
KANON: Uh, Erin...?
ERIN: Frozen Pokemon?!
What's going on down here?
KANON: This... ice...
Can it be...? It's--
ERIN: ...
This better not be what I think it is.
KANON: ...
ERIN: ...?
KANON: Erin, is it just me, or did the water get... colder?
ERIN: ...Now that you mention it, this water is really cold.
It's the ocean and all, but we're near Terajuma...
KANON: Strange.
I'm sure it's nothing.
ERIN: ...Uh.
KANON: ...!
ERIN: Well, didn't expect to run into all of this when I woke up today.
ERIN: Alexandra, Damien, we've got a really big issue.
DAMIEN: Is this problem a gigantic glacier in the middle of a tropical ocean floor?
ERIN: ...So you see it as well! That makes describing the situation easier.
I have a pretty good idea of what, or who did this.
It's Angie. It lines up too well.
She's done similar things on Terajuma before...
ALEXANDRA: I thought she was supposed to be frozen solid?
ERIN: Yeah, I dunno, but...
DAMIEN: Hold on, I'm getting a reading within the glacier...
The Diamond Component is down there somewhere!
ERIN: I figured as much, but how are we going to get through?
KANON: It's calling out to me... The scent is strong!
I just have to--
ERIN: This can't be good!
KANON: ...I.
ERIN: Retreat!
KANON: Erin, make your way to me as quietly as possible.
ERIN: Huh?
\sh\c[7]KAWOPUDUNGA: Kaaawooooooo!!!!
\sh\c[7]???: Kaaawooooooo!!!!
ERIN: ...I'm not really sure what I just watched.
KANON: Those were Regice... Well, not exactly, but...
I think they're the ones freezing everything in this area.
ERIN: They stood no match against that Wailord, though.
Hey Kanon, you knew Anju, right? Doesn't this seem--
KANON: Those Regice are responsible for freezing the Pokemon in this area!
ERIN: Abnormal temperatures, freezing, Regice familiars??
Kanon, you knew Anju, right? Doesn't this--
KANON: There it is again! That scent!
ERIN: You wouldn't have to climb around if you just put on your gear...
ERIN: Kanon! What are you--
Huh? Are you able to just walk on the ocean floor like that?
KANON: Erin, there's something up ahead! I can sense it! It's calling out to me!
ERIN: You're ignoring my questions.
KANON: Oh. Right, yeah. I am a Servant, after all.
Breathing underwater poses no problem!
ERIN: Bleh.
KANON: The pressure of the ocean is getting to me though... ack.
ERIN: Yeah, that's why you need gear. To depressurize yourself.
If you go any deeper you'll probably be crushed by it.
KANON: But...
ERIN: Oh brother....
Alexandra and Damien, can you hear me? Kanon and I have taken the dive.
ALEXANDRA: Read you loud and clear, Erin.
Damien and I haven't found anything of note quite yet.
We'll beep you when we have.
ERIN: Gotcha.
ERIN: Well, guess Erin's diving adventure starts here...
[Map171]
[Map172]
KANON: Ah, that's right! This is Anju's office!
This place...
ANJU: Kanon, you don't have to hang around if you don't want to, you know?
If you're bored, you can walk around the garden.
KANON: Oh? Is my presence offending you, Lady Anju?
In that case, I shall be on my way.
ANJU: Offending? No, that's not what I meant.
You seem to be twiddling your thumbs just waiting for something to happen.
KANON: Haha, that's ridiculous... Servants cannot express or feel boredom.
I am merely passing by the time.
What are you working on, Anju? If I may ask?
ANJU: Oh, me? I'm just filling out some orders.
Spotlight City is opening up a new restaurant and they want several pounds of Never-Melt Ice.
The usual.
KANON: Ah! Once I'm done here, I think I'll let Nymiera know the good news.
ANJU: Nymiera told you to watch over me today then?
KANON: She told me to wait here until she got back home.
ANJU: So I suppose I'm babysitting then.
KANON: As per Nymiera's orders, that is!
ANJU: ...Kanon. Please, you don't have to \c[6]do as you're told all the time.
Take a rest. Go visi-
KANON: ...D-Do as I'm told?
I... I'll do as I'm told. I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
ANJU: K-Kanon!
What's the matter? Are you okay?
KANON: I'll do as I'm told! I'll do as I'm told! I'll do as I'm told!
ANJU: Oh dear...
ERIN: Kanon!
ERIN: Kanon, what's wrong?! Did you remember something?
KANON: I...
What is this feeling? Why did I breakdown like that?
ERIN: It's this room. I don't know what you remembered but you can't stay here.
Let's rummage through what we can and leave.
KANON: No, it's... It's okay. I'm good.
We can take our time. I just had... A moment, I guess.
ERIN: ...Okay, but if you feel something coming up, just let me know.
KANON: Right... Thanks Erin.
Which command?
ERIN: What is up with the floor here? Some parts of it are frozen.
KANON: Venam said that when Anju got angry, she affected the area around her.
When we walked through these doors you felt something, didn't you?
ERIN: I did... It was sinister. I heard my name being called.
At least, I think it was my name...
You sure you didn't feel anything?
KANON: Well... I'm not sure. I felt something cross me for a sec, but.
ERIN: Wait, so you did feel something?! Come on, tell me about it.
KANON: I... I don't know if I did or not, but the fact that I'm questioning myself is making me seem quite guilty...
I didn't hear anything, but for a quick moment I felt something familiar.
A feeling I think I don't want to remember. Something from long ago.
ERIN: Maybe it's another memory that's resurfacing?
KANON: ...Sorry Erin, I don't want to talk about this anymore.
ERIN: ...I see. Sorry, I shouldn't have pried.
But if you get that feeling again, don't hesitate to talk about it.
KANON: Understood...
ERIN: ...
Nymiera blessed each of her disciples with one of the Golems, correct?
Hazuki, with Registeel. Anju with Regice, and Vivian with Regirock.
KANON: Right, and with Nymiera as their leader-- She wielded Regigigas.
Why the question?
ERIN: Aelita regards herself as someone separate from Vivian, but I wonder if she can still call Regirock?
She's still connected to Vivian by blood, or perhaps through spiritual means.
KANON: It's possible, but I remember Nymiera saying Regirock only listened to people she approved of.
By just interacting with Aelita from our month together, I have no doubt that Nymiera would've adored her.
...But perhaps Regirock won't be called to her because she wishes to be her own person.
If that is thrown on her, she would just inherit Vivian's responsibilities, yes?
They are not hers to bear.
At least, unless Aelita were to accept those responsibilities out of her own free will.
Do you understand what I mean?
ERIN: Yeah... Aelita is Aelita. She's strong without Nymiera's blessing anyway.
ERIN: You know... Aelita was my first friend. I'm not exaggerating, by the way.
I was bullied in school, and as a result I sort of became recluse.
I didn't have any friends, and I didn't want any.
I just went about my days reading books, working on fashion. That sorta thing.
Then here comes Aelita. Thrown into my life like a meteor slamming me head first.
I'm glad that happened, though... She pulled me out of a rut I didn't know I was in.
I think that's why I'm so dedicated to our group, in general.
I haven't known them for very long, but they make me feel something.
KANON: I'm very glad. I will be there to serve you all in the best way I can.
And here I was thinking we'd have an actual genuine moment.
KANON: Were we not?
ERIN: Sigh. No, not anymore.
KANON: Erin, are you sure you're doing alright?
ERIN: Yeah? Why would I be?
KANON: Well, you were thrown across the room and into a wall...
Then got slammed by a table.
ERIN: Oh yeah, that really hurt. I thought I broke something at first.
KANON: I'm just worried about internal bleeding and all that.
ERIN: I have no visible bruising or anything like that, so I should be fine...
But it is curious how I was able to stand up so fast.
I chocked it up to adrenaline, but that certainly couldn't have been it.
KANON: Certainly not...
ERIN: The Archetype... We still don't know anything about it, really.
It could be healing my body at quicker speeds than natural.
Or maybe my body is just sturdier now.
I have noticed that I don't get winded after doing light exercise anymore.
KANON: How bizarre...
ERIN: Kanon, you were breathing underwater. I don't think you're the one to call me bizarre.
You supposedly don't have bodily functions, but I've seen you eat and go to the bathroom on several occasions.
KANON: The food I eat has to go somewhere?
ERIN: ...I-I guess?
But all that water must've entered your body somehow, right?
And if the food has to go somewhere, doesn't the--
KANON: If you're asking me if I have to use the bathroom, then yes.
ERIN: I'm...
This entire time??
KANON: Yes.
ERIN: Aren't you in pain?!
KANON: My pain doesn't matter.
\sh\c[7]ERIN: UGH!!!
KANON: Wh-Where are you taking me?
ERIN: You're going to do your business because your pain matters you dumbass.
You know, I can't believe you sometimes Kanon.
KANON: I-I apologize!!
Erin!!!!
ERIN: This door's locked too... How are we supposed to get anything done around here?
KANON: Um, not that I promote doing this, but...
But taking the building's design in mind, we could probably get in through a window.
ERIN: Look at you, Kanon. Being brave.
KANON: Well, it's what needs to be done so I cannot protest.
ERIN: Wait a sec, couldn't you just warp behind this door and open it for us?
That'd save us a lot of time at least.
KANON: If only my warping were that useful...
I can only warp to people that have a connection to my Master, Alexandra.
ERIN: Of course.
Alright, how about an object that has a close connection to Alexandra?
KANON: ...Can't say I've tried doing that, but in theory it could work?
ERIN: An experiment that's worth looking over, I think.
Anyway, what should we do now?
ERIN: Let's head to the rooftop asap.
KANON: Very well.
ERIN: Let's explore this room before heading back up to the rooftop.
Locked.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
KANON: It's almost exactly how it was before...
ERIN: Remember something about this room too, Kanon?
KANON: Yes, Anju's beloved Ballroom.
She would throw extravagant feasts and parties for her people of Kristiline.
ERIN: Huh.
HAZUKI: What a wonderful ball, Anju.
ANJU: Thank you, Hazuki. I'm glad you could make it.
And you're finally in appropriate wear! Nicely done.
HAZUKI: I've been forced to go to parties like this ever since I was young.
As a result, I guess I've just gotten the hang of this kind of thing.
The Midori Family must keep appearances and all. You get it, right?
ANJU: Absolutely.
HAZUKI: I'm just glad Kreiss barfed on my armor, rather than my dress.
Kinda miss my gear, though. Way more comfortable than this thing.
VIVIAN: It's weird seeing you out of your armor, Hazuki.
These days, I swear that's all you wear.
HAZUKI: To protect Lady Nymiera is of utmost importance!
I must ready myself to be her shield at any moment necessary!
KANON: It is most unfortunate that my Lady was not able to attend today's ball.
But worry not, if she is in danger I can bring you all to her immediately.
ANJU: But honestly, Vi... I send you the funds to buy a nice dress and you buy a pink tuxedo?
VIVIAN: Dresses look weird on me. Plus, pink is kind of my color.
ANJU: I suppose you do look quite good. Everything works out.
HAZUKI: Regardless of what we're all wearing. I believe we're going to have a great time tonight.
We're off duty! This is supposed to be a moment of fun for all three of us... Finally!
ANJU: Cheers! Let us be festive and celebrate the coming of a new year!
VIVIAN: ...
HAZUKI: Vi? Is there something wrong?
VIVIAN: I've... I've just been feeling weird lately.
I dunno, if this year is gonna be a good one. Just a hunch.
ANJU: Always the pessimist, Vi.
VIVIAN: Sorry, I didn't mean to ruin the mood. You guys are right.
Let's celebrate and hope for many more years to come.
HAZUKI: That's more like it!
HAZUKI: Please, come dance with me, Vi!
VIVIAN: Oh goodness... How did it come to this?
ANJU: Heheh...
KANON: Those were joyous times, but those moments were few and far between past that point.
Vivian sacrificed herself later that year, and then...
Rgh... Still foggy. Sorry.
ERIN: No, it's okay. I think I learned a bit more about Anju.
If she was festive and lively like you described her to be... What changed?
???: Welcome to the Ballroom. I'm honored to have guests tonight.
ERIN: Angie...
ANGIE: You've all gone through quite a bit of my estate at this point.
Tell me, has your tour been enjoyable?
ERIN: You have a nice place here. Truth be told, it's a little too cold for my liking.
ANGIE: Give it time, you may become accustomed to its wrath.
ERIN: We don't plan on staying long enough for that.
Where are you keeping Alexandra and Damien?
ANGIE: They are safe. In fact, I don't think they've ever been as safe as they are now.
Encased within my ice... There is no fate more comforting!
ERIN: Your whole shtick is preservation, correct?
What do you gain from preserving them? Anyone? Just what do you want?
ANGIE: They are just one step in a bigger procedure.
Upon birth I was blessed with the power of ice by Lord Arceus...
For a long time I pondered the reason why I was given such a blessing.
But then I experienced an epiphany!
This world was created by Lord Arceus, and in its original state it was perfect.
But then humans were created. We do everything we can to fill this world with grime and evil.
As time goes on, the beauty of this world diminishes...
KANON: ...So in order to maintain that beauty, you're going to preserve the entire planet with your ice?!
ANGIE: That's correct, and I won't stop until every corner of this planet is covered with a thick layer of ice!
I was slowed down by delinquents at the Isle of Angels, but I won't allow that to happen a second time.
ERIN: And what about us? You think we'll just let you do what you want?
Bullshit. I'm done running around. Let's settle this right now.
ANGIE: As much as our showdown is inevitable, now is not the time.
Preparations have not been complete. In the meantime, let's see how you fare against a new experiment of mine...
To life!
ERIN: Cool.
KANON: Ice cool.
ANGIE: Farewell, Erin and Kanon. Let's see if you're able to surpass this obstacle.
Only then will you be recognized.
ERIN: Souta always said I was my own worst enemy, but this is a little on the nose.
KANON: Forgive me, Erin. I have nothing to assist you with.
ERIN: That's fine, I can handle this.
...
ERIN: Pfft, as expected. Just lifeless imitations.
KANON: I have to admit, it is an interesting trick.
ERIN: Angie should save her tricks for her ballroom parties.
KANON: Huh, now that they lack their imitation Pokemon, they don't seem to do much.
ERIN: Don't care if they stand around doing nothing. We should destroy them to be safe.
KANON: Or they can melt away! That works too!
ERIN: Well, we don't know what they're capable of, so keep your eyes peeled.
ERIN: ...Eh?
\shKANON: E-Erin!
KANON: It was a pleasure, but I must be going.
ERIN: Now I'm mad.
KANON: That almost hit me!
ERIN: Yeah, sorry.
ERIN: It's no use. It just deflects everything I send at it.
For being ice you sure don't know when to shatter.
KANON: Has anyone ever told you that you act cold towards your guests?
ERIN: Is now seriously the time for puns?
KANON: Have to make this situation less grim somehow!
ERIN: Hey, Ice Kanon, catch.
Absol!
ERIN: Oh shit.
ABSOL: Sol! Sol!
KANON: Erin, are you okay?!
ERIN: Yeah. When I said catch, I didn't really think it could.
Damn, I'm getting beat up...
ERIN: Wait, did that thing just copy you?
KANON: ...Looks like it!
ERIN: Both copies seem to be fixated on us individually.
And to some extent, they seem to be mimicking movements and patterns...
ERIN: I admit that this is probably a gamble we can't afford...
But go big or go home, am I right?
KANON: Um, Erin?
ERIN: Kanon, you think a chandelier is heavy enough to crush these fools?
KANON: I would assume so?
ERIN: Kay, when I say "now", warp next to me. Got it?
KANON: Warp next to...?
ERIN: Absol, you throw out a Psycho Cut in my direction on the same call, understand?
ABSOL: Sool!
KANON: Oh...! I think I understand! Just say the word.
ERIN: Heh, looks like I was right. She followed me! Alright...
ERIN: Now!
ERIN: ...That was something.
KANON: Your plan was genius! Although a bit risky...
There was a chance my doppleganger would just walk underneath the chandelier like yours did.
ERIN: True, but neither I or my copy could warp, so...
Kinda banked on it following you more closely than mine did.
KANON: Nevertheless, it worked.
At the expense of Anju's furniture, but...
ERIN: If Anju really cares about her estate she'll find some way to repair it.
Now, there's got to be something else in this room.
Why else would Angie lock this place away and then show up the moment we do?
KANON: Erin, are you okay? You took some bad hits back there.
ERIN: Oh, huh? Yeah, I'm fine. I can take a few hits.
Maybe that's just the Archetype helping me out or something.
This power is annoying, and I didn't ask for it, but it has its perks.
Anyway, like I said. Let's explore the room.
KANON: ...Yeah.
ERIN: Another key! This one's gotta be for the Courtyard.
KANON: Looks like it! Nice going!
ERIN: I learned a lot about Anju from Kanon. I wonder why Anju is... Angie now.
A sudden change like that is unnatural. Something happened to her.
ERIN: Huh...? Fascinating.
Hey, Kanon, mind if I pry info out of you?
KANON: Most certainly, Erin. What do you need answered?
ERIN: I was just reading this book about Anju. You know, before she lost her icicles.
The interactions I've had with Anju has been pretty sparse, but...
Sounds like she was revered by many. People from all around the region knew her name.
KANON: Oh, of course! She was the head of the church at Kristiline Town way back in the day.
She only preached about kindness and acceptance.
Anju also traveled to far off regions in hopes of helping the less fortunate.
ERIN: I thought religious figures were supposed to live in humble conditions?
Wait, don't tell me, this isn't the clich story of a church using their doctrine to manipulate the public into giving them their hard earned cash, right?
Many a tale about establishments like that. They live in huge fancy houses. Filled with staff and Pokemon alike.
KANON: Not anything of the sort! Anju never asked the public to donate to her.
Besides, it's not like she ever needed the extra help anyway.
She was a business woman too, you know?
ERIN: Oh?
KANON: Anju was blessed with the ability to create Never-Melt Ice.
Many of the trainers using Never-Melt Ice aren't even aware that they're custom made from Anju's power.
Not only that, but her product was also huge in the culinary world.
Imagine, creating a freezer that didn't require electricity.
Just trusty 'ol Never-Melt Ice!
ERIN: I can definitely see the appeal in something like that.
Cost effective options like that must've been attractive to restaurant owners.
Anyone who could use cooling to their benefit, really.
KANON: Most certainly! I'm glad you started this conversation with me.
ERIN: I learned a lot about who Anju used to be. So, thanks.
Sounds like she had everything together. It makes me wonder about how and why she's... Well... Like that.
KANON: Unfortunately, that's not a question even I can answer...
SERVANT: I'm hiding from the Regice... They're too scary for me...
ERIN: Huh? Do they attack you as well?
SERVANT: They attack anything that moves!
Doesn't matter who or what you are!
ERIN: Not a nice neighborhood to live in, huh?
ERIN: Looks like Anju had a lot of plans noted down here.
She took vacation time off to visit Sheridan and Hiyoshi, but she never came back?
KANON: ...
ERIN: That time in Sheridan must've been when the others and I got sent there by Souta.
What happened in Hiyoshi City?
<ac>Eriena...</ac>
<fs=46><ac>Eriena...!</ac></fs>
KANON: Erin? Are you okay?
You've clammed up quite a bit just now...
ERIN: H-Huh?
Uh... Did you feel that at all?
KANON: ...?
ERIN: N-Nothing, just forget about it.
KANON: ...Okay.
(ERIN: ...What was that? That name...)
ERIN: Hey, a key! Think this one is for the Courtyard?
KANON: Hm... No, actually that key looks like it's for the Ballroom!
ERIN: So the key to the ballroom was just hanging out here on Angie's desk?
KANON: More likely that it was placed here on purpose...
ERIN: Seems like we've been invited to a ball, Kanon.
KANON: ...Yes, indeed.
The Ballroom is located in the West Corridor.
We should make haste.
ERIN: I'm not done looking around here just yet...
Group Talk
End
Change Partner
Head to the rooftop!
Explore this area.
[Map173]
Activate the calmness crystal?
All the calmness crystals were activated!
Calm energy filled the mountain!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map174]
[Map175]
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
VENAM: \PN, get over here!
SHARON: I-I'm sorry...
???: \PN, wait up!
VENAM: Hey, looks like I was finally able to catch up with you!
Have you seen or at least heard from Melia at any point?
VENAM: ...I see. What about Amber and Tesla?
...
You saved them all by yourself?!
Who said you could get all strong without my permission?!
Heh, I'm joking of course. I'm glad you were able to save them.
Maybe next time Amber won't be so bratty.
VENAM: No dice with them either, huh?
This isn't going well at all.
I think we're almost at the top of this fuckin' mountain and we have nothing to show for it!
This is just so... frustrating.
???: Hahaha, that's not how you use that word. Don't worry, you'll get there.
VENAM: Did you hear that? Sounds like people are talking...
VENAM: Hey, I finally caught up with you!
Amber and Tesla are safe at home, which is good.
That's one of the three people we're trying to save down.
Now let's look for Melia and take back Nim!
VENAM: Hey, what the hell is your problem?!
Did you forget that we were exploring that room together?!
What gives you the right to just leave me down there while you come up here to play hero?!
Bad fuckin' move, \PN.
If you stayed a little longer, you would've known that Amber, Tesla and that Madelis chick were hidden there.
If it weren't for Valarie, Saki, and Adam, who knows what would've happened.
Ugh, whatever. Have you heard anything from Melia?
Any trace of her at all?
VENAM: Hmph... Didn't think so.
RHYPERIOR: Pheroirrr!
VENAM: Let's get 'em!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
BLACKBELT: I am here to create the strongest Rhyperior trainer in the world!
But in order to achieve that dream, I'll need to first evolve my own Rhydon!
I hear sometimes Rock-Type Pokemon can release special minerals that can be refined into an item called the Protector.
So you should bring me 10 Rock Types! I'll use their minerals to create a Protector!
In exchange, I'll give you whatever I have left!
BLACKBELT: Are you here to donate some Rock Pokemon?
BLACKBELT: Sorry, no can do! You need to have more Pokemon on you!
Alright, let's take a look then.
I see... If you have any more Rock-Types, please bring them!
Thank you for your contribution!
We currently have \v[598] Rock-Types in our disposal.
Yes, we've gotten 10 Rock-Types! Let's see how this goes!
BLACKBELT: It went awesome! Now we're strong!
Here, please take this for helping me!
If you want another one, you'll have to donate more.
We need 10 Rock-Types! That way I'll create the Protector we need!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
ELI: Hm... I don't understand? How say that then?
SHARON: It's "How would I say that then?".
You missed a few words, but you're coming along great, Eli.
ELI: You really think so? Wow! I'm almost English!
SHARON: Mm...\| Maybe I was wrong.
ELI: Eh... So... How long you stand there?
SHARON: That was close, but the proper way, again, would be "How long have you two been standing there?"
ELI: Ah! Yes, you're right. Thank you, Sharena.
SHARON: It's Sharon, but I guess at this point I'm not too fussed about it.
VENAM: You two are very confusing.
SHARON: What's confusing? I'm just teaching Eli some English...
He asked me, after all, and what are friends for?
ELI: Sharen... We are friends?
SHARON: W-Well of course! We're always being paired up on missions and stuff, I thought that much was obvious.
ELI: Yes, friends we are!
VENAM: I'm going to puke. Anyway, I'm just gonna let you guys do your thing and pass on by.
ELI: I'm feared we cannot do that, girl!
SHARON: Not perfect, but almost there.
But yeah, that's not going to happen. We already had to let Melia past after she barely won against us.
VENAM: Melia came by here already?!
SHARON: The Summit is just up ahead, so I'm assuming she's already there.
If it were simple, I'd just allow you all to pass, I really would.
VENAM: Actually, it's very simple. Quit being part of Team Xen and let us by.
SHARON: It's clear you don't know a damn thing about Team Xen.
On our person, we carry a green gem and the letter "X".
This is the mark of death-- It's what defines us as individuals in this group.
Once you have this mark, you're at their full disposal.
If we were to lose to you right now... I feel like...\| That would be the end of us.
ELI: ...
SHARON: Eli, I've made a decision.
ELI: A... decision?
SHARON: I'm going to do everything I can to defeat them here and now.
Please help me defeat them, Eli...! We won't be thrown away by Team Xen!
ELI: Y-Yeah, let's win!
SHARON: Let's win.
VENAM: This will be easy.
SHARON: We won't be thrown away by Team Xen!
ELI: We're going to win!
SHARON: Even when we try our hardest...
SHARON:\ts[1] Hahaha...\| I really don't know what I expected here.
Did I really delude myself into thinking we had a chance against you two?
Hahaha, what an absolute joke! I even had Eli fooled as well!
ELI: Sherin, it's going to be okay. Please calm down...
SHARON: Eli, don't you know it's pointless?! You know what comes next, don't you?!
We've failed, and failed, and failed. Time and time again, we've failed.
There's no mercy for members like us. We'll be decommissioned, and then...
ELI: Sherin... Where are you going?
VENAM: Hmph. She should've saved us the trouble if she knew she was going to lose.
ELI: Sharien!! Stop! Don't do that!
VENAM: Goddamnit, what is it now?
VENAM: Whoa, whoa... I know we've had our differences, but don't do anything dumb!
If you think doing this will solve your problems, you're just wrong!
SHARON: Does it matter? We're going to die either way. I want to do it on my terms.
I'm so tired of this world. I'm so tired of living through this constant hell.
I never asked for this...\c[6] I wish they would've just left me the way I was before.
ELI: Sharly... Please, I thought you said we were friends?
CRESCENT: Please, stop with the melodrama. We've heard enough of this.
You know what they say about people who hesitate.
All they need is a little push in their life.
ELI: Sharon!
VENAM: Crescent?! What the hell did you just do?!
CRESCENT: ...
VENAM: Why did you just push Sharon off?! She's dead because of you!
CRESCENT: I just did what she asked. She wanted to go out on her own terms.
Again, Sharon hesitated. She would've never done it if I had not intervened.
In the hell she spawns from, she's thanking me.
Her fate is the same all Team Xen members shall face eventually.
VENAM: Damn right, she is! What the actual fuck?!
Do you not care that you murdered someone? How heartless can you be?!
CRESCENT: Team Xen shouldn't be considered human, but scum.
Latching onto everything they see and destroying it.
I'm just here to fix the problem, that's all. Nothing more, nothing less.
Even now, you say nothing at all. Nothing to me, nothing to anyone.
Why... Why do you refuse?
VENAM: I don't blame \PN. Talking to you is awful. You're just another stain on this earth.
CRESCENT: Heh... Perhaps I am, but that matters not.
CRESCENT: ...!
VENAM: What do you mean she deserved it?!
\PN, you better not be going into heartless sociopath mode or I swear to Arceus I will whoop you into nothing.
Team Xen or not, Sharon was a person! That was just too cruel to do to her!
CRESCENT: I'm glad... you see things my way \PN. That's reassuring.
ELI: Sharon...
I'm... I'm sorry about things. I know I don't try hard enough.
And I know we fail. But it was fun to fail with you by me.
If only I could hear your voice one more.
SHARON: Hyaaahhhh!!
ELI: Hyoough... I can even still hear her. Sharon, come back!
SHARON: Pain...
ELI: Sharon!!
ELI: Sharon, you're living... But how? I thought...
VENAM: I'm... so confused.
CRESCENT: Hmph.
???:\ts[2] High ho!!!
SAKI: As long as we're on the patrol, ain't no one dyin' today!
VENAM: Saki... This is actually the one time I'm super glad to see you!
VALARIE: Who's this? Another Team Xen Admin?
CRESCENT: Don't compare me to those worthless garbage cans.
ADAM: So you're just being a pest then? Got it.
CRESCENT: You're not saving her by doing this, you know?
You're prolonging the inevitable. Sharon and Eli, along with the rest of Team Xen shall meet oblivion eventually.
Such is the nature of their design.
SAKI: The only thing that's nature by design is your shitty attitude, hoe.
CRESCENT: ...?
It's clear to me that you're all just ignorant. Living in a world of black and white.
Good versus evil, strong vs the weak. You're going to get a hard dose of reality, and when you do, I'll laugh.
VALARIE: Alright, I've heard enough. Saki, are you ready?
SAKI: I'm about to have a GAMER MOMENT.
CRESCENT: Fine... You want to fight? Then let's do it somewhere I'm more comfortable.
VENAM: Welp, I guess it all worked out for now.
ELI: Everyone please continue behind.\| Er, I mean,\| first.\| I think.
SHARON: A-Ahead...
ELI: Yes, that! Sharon and I will be okay. Please... leave us be.
VENAM: Fine with us.
VENAM: Sharon... just.\| Just don't do that to Eli again, okay?
Speaking from experience, the burden of losing your loved one...
Is just too much to bear sometimes.
We're just trying to not go through that again, yeah?
SHARON: ...
ELI: T-That was stupid!
Yes
No
You're cruel.
She deserved it.
[Map176]
Oh, hello. I'm a scientist.
I can turn fossils into living, breathing Pokmon!
Ah, you come again!
Let me know when you want me to revive a fossil for you.
Okay. I'll see if I can revive your \v[3].
Come back later.
Aha, you're here! I've finished reviving your fossil.
As I thought, it was \v[3]!
You have no room left. Make room, then come see me.
I managed to revive your fossil.
However, what I brought back didn't live long... unfortunately.
I'm so sorry.
I told you, come back later. This does take time!
I don't really get what's so cool about rocks, but at least the drills are nice to look at!
Looks like you can trade in shards for different types of fossils...
The amount they want is a little ludicrous, though...
Don't they know that some of us are strugglin' to survive out here?
I can't believe something as massive as this even exists!
What sort of things can be found deep within Akuwa Cave?
This drill is the M. Agni 01. It's the first of the many drills they created here.
While the drills themselves were really strong, the small and thin bodies often caused it to tip over...
Thus, the M. Agni series were discontinued entirely.
It's really a shame because the M. Agni held a ton of potential...
I'm sorry, but guests aren't allowed past this point.
You there, trainer! Are you interested in this behemoth?
This, my dear friend, is the latest drill to ever be created.
It's the M. Rudra 01. The most powerful and durable drill ever created!
With durable but fast base, the drill can get through any obstacle!
Do you see those appendages sticking out from the base?
Those are lasers that help cut through rocks and walls that block the way for our miners!
That's what I would like to say, but Valarie stopped its progress right before she left.
She said if anything happened while she was away, then it'd be her responsibility to fix things.
I mean, I sort of understand. You can't rush perfection anyway.
Once Valarie comes back, the drill will start running again!
Then the project will continue as normal! I wonder what we'll find?
Fine.
Welcome! We sell rare fossils here. Would you like something from our selection?
So? What do you want it to be?
Ah yes, the Sail Fossil. This fossil contains the Pokemon Amaura. That'll be 10 Blue Shards.
Thank you for your patronage! You can revive your fossils at the counter adjacent to this one.
I'm very sorry, but you don't have enough shards...
Our stock isn't very high, so in turn we have to increase prices. Please understand.
So the Jaw fossil is your choice? That contains the Pokemon Tyrunt. That'll be 10 Red Shards.
So the Skull Fossil? That contains Cranidos. That'll be 10 Green Shards.
Ah, so the Armor Fossil? That contains Shieldon. 10 Yellow Shards, please.
Come again!
Are you interested in this drill?
Ah, a fellow intellectual then, yeah?
This beauty here is the M. Dogma 04. It's the second to last drill to be made for the project.
This drill packs a punch. So much of a punch that regular work that took weeks only took a matter of days to complete!
Unfortunately, the drill is extremely frail. If it even gets tickled with a little rock slide, then it's done for.
I guess that's the price you pay for incredible power, right?
Fine, suit yourself.
I bought a Jaw Fossil from this center a few moments ago.
It cost me a ton of shards, but I think it was worth it in the end...
Yes
No
Sail Fossil - 10 Blue Shards
Jaw Fossil - 10 Red Shards
Skull Fossil - 10 Grn Shards
More
Armor Fossil - 10 Yllw Shards
No thanks
[Map177]
VENAM: The room is back to normal now. We can't cross this until we change the mood again!
[Map178]
VENAM: Looks like we can cross now that the mountain is filled with water!
C'mon \PN! We gotta go!
[Map179]
VENAM: Looks like we can't go any further here.
But if you look across the room you can see that there's actually another part of the mountain down here!
I'm not leaving until we find a way to get in there.
Why don't you go look around and see what you can do?
VENAM: We have to get to the other side of this room.
Go look around and see what you can do about it!
[Map180]
TESLA: Oh, \PN! We meet again.
TESLA: How are you feeling? Are you okay?
TESLA: Good. You're strong. I admire that strength.
TESLA: Hey, it's okay to be unsure. You're in a troubling situation.
Just know that you're not alone. I'm here for you, \PN.
TESLA: I understand. Your troubled expression says more than enough.
But please, do not give up hope. Even in the most powerful pit of despair, we must press on.
Anyway, if you're here, that must mean you're going to Goldenwood Forest?
In that case, please wait here just one moment.
TESLA: Teehee, everything's taken care of \PN.
I'm quite a regular customer here, so I told them you were my friend and now they've given you a lifetime pass!
TESLA: Heh, are you surprised?
TESLA: Don't worry about it! It's the least I could do to help you get your feet off the ground.
TESLA: Ah... I've made you speechless? Teehee, I'm only teasing.
Please, take these as well.
TESLA: Goldenwood Forest is a place where beginner trainers gather.
Your Pokemon may become wounded while training there, but these will patch them up in no time.
I'm going back to my room at the Chrisola Hotel.
If you need a place to stay, I'd be more than glad to help you out again.
CLERK: Ms. Tesla is a friend of ours here. If you ever want to board the train, you may do so for free!
Please, enjoy your trip.
This train takes you to Route 2. Please have a pleasant trip.
It costs $300 to board.
Have you ever taken the time to visit Route 2 before?
It's my favorite place in all of the region! The beautiful cherry blossoms are to be cherished forever!
You must visit! It is imperative to being a human that you do so!
The train in this station leads to Route 2.
\GWill you buy a pass on the train for 300$?
Please have a safe trip!
\GSorry, you don't have enough money.
Please come again!
\GPay the train fee?\n $300.
\GPayment received.
Not enough money.
VENAM: ...
REN: ...
VENAM: What do you think? I'm sure you can take a wild guess.
REN: No need to get so hostile, Venam. \PN was just trying to see how you were doing.
VENAM: I dunno! It was a dumb question! Of course we feel like shit!!
Our friend is on the run and might not even be okay right now.
REN: Yeah, there's no reason we should just sit here all depressed.
This is an ordeal we're going through, but we can get through it.
VENAM: Easier said than done. I'm literally going to scream if this train doesn't go faster.
REN: So... Do we have a plan for whatever this is?
VENAM: What plan do you need? Find Melia, go home.
REN: Yeah, but...
VENAM: No, you're right. We should hunt down the people responsible for this and take them out.
REN: That's not what I meant. Are we even capable of doing such a thing?
There have always been tales of kid prodigies taking down crime syndicates, but that surely can't be us.
VENAM: I don't care! I don't care!
REN: Just calm down. If you go too crazy, you'll do something stupid.
**Now arriving at Route 2**
VENAM: The train's stopped. That's enough talk.
REN: Venam... I know you're worried, but you need to slow down.
STAFF: Please go through the turnstyle to board the train.
There's a cave on Route 2 called Amethyst Cave.
I remember reading that it was a series of underground tunnels before the tragedy.
The series of earthquakes uprooted the caves and made them accessible to people above ground!
You there! Will you please hear me out for a bit?
Ah yes, thank you!
You see, my grand-daughter and I were walking around Goldenwood Forest and then... well...
She disappeared suddenly!
You may be wondering why I'm sitting here and not in Goldenwood Forest looking for her.
The answer is actually quite simple. I hurt my back while looking and I was brought back here by some other trainers.
I don't have enough money to take the train back to Goldenwood Forest, so would you be so kind to go there and look in my place?
Of course this doesn't come without a reward. So please, find my grand-daughter!
Who can blame you...
You found my granddaughter! I can't believe it!
Take this as a token of my gratitude!
That will make your Pokemon become stronger!
VENAM: Ren just filled me in on everything that's happened. This fucking sucks!
Team Xen are a bunch of assholes who can't do anything right so they band together to be... to be... I dunno, stupid!
AELITA: We're finally here... I've never really been on a train ride, so it was fun!
OFFICER: D-Did you two just step off that train?
AELITA: Um, yes? Is that a problem?
OFFICER: That train is to evacuate people to Route 2 only!
We're not allowing anyone into the city as of this point.
I know it was a long train ride, but you're going to have to go back.
AELITA: No way! We came here to help out with the situation!
OFFICER: This has to be some kind of joke. No way are two kids going to "help out" with a situation like this.
Let me take a look at your badges then? What's your strength?
AELITA: Uh, I don't have any, and \PN only has two, so...
OFFICER: Yep, back on the train. Both of you.
???: That won't be necessary. They can stay as long as they'd like.
OFFICER: But, Miss Karrina-
KARRINA: I called those two to help me. \PN and uh, purple girl are friends of mine.
They may not have many badges, but they're strong enough for this.
OFFICER: I see... In that case, there's no reason to deny you two entry.
My apologies.
KARRINA: C'mon you two. I'll catch you guys up outside.
I've been to Goldenwood Forest a couple of times, and I enjoy myself every time!
LITTLEGIRL: Thanks so much fo' finding me, twainer! I appweciate it!
REN: The next train to Route 2 just got here. Melia might've gotten off on Route 2 some time ago now...
Will we be able to make it on time...?
The next train to Route 2 leaves soon. Usually I just like watching trains go by, but I might actually get on this one!
This door is locked.
I'm doing alright...
I don't know
...
...Thank you!
I don't know what to say...
Yes
No
You guys alright?
Cheer up, guys...
[Map181]
[Map182]
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
Activate the generators?
Sufficient power supply detected.
GRUNT: Hey, it looks like that worked!
My mother's grave should be really close by! Thank you!
Insufficient power supply.
GRUNT: Ugh, I don't know how to activate this thing...
GRUNT: Oh God... it's you...
I-I'm sorry, we haven't met before, but you're quite well known among us grunts.
Well... I'd like to say that, but I'm no longer one.
I was fired for something I don't even remember doing!
They said I deleted Nastasia's harddrive and that's why that machine she made wouldn't work.
But I swear I didn't touch it at all!
GRUNT: Sigh, you don't even understand what I'm saying. I'm talking to a brick wall here.
Well, anyway, I was fired and now I'm here.
I wanted to see my mother's grave one more time before...it happens...
But this place is all different now! I don't remember Amethyst Cave being so wide and open.
Last time I was here it was just a series of linear tunnels.
I was sure I was headed in the right direction, but I was stopped by this roadblock.
I think something is supposed to happen when this panel here is activated...
But it keeps telling me insufficient power supply.
...Here, why don't you give it a shot?
GRUNT: There has to be a way to activate this generator...but what can it be?
Yes
No
[Map183]
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Feris.
More info on Code: Feris is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
It's... Madame X? It looks like her at least.
It's a pile of armor. It looks identical to Madame X's.
GRUNT: Hey, wait! Don't go that way! Come back here!
GRUNT: ...What is all this?
GRUNT: I'm starting to worry now.
If someone came this far, then that means they must've found the graveyard as well...
D-Did they leave it intact...?
Huh?
Hey, you. Would'ya come here for a second?
GRUNT: There's another one of these control panels.
The only difference here is that it mentions something called a "Production line".
It actually looks like it's waiting for an input from someone.
You see? Right here, the start button is flashing green.
*click*
RESPONSE ACCEPTED.
STARTING PRODUCTION LINE.
GRUNT: Hey look! Something appeared on the conveyor belt.
\ts[5]...............
WARNING! VITAL COMPONENT CORE #1 MISSING!
10 SECONDS BEFORE AUTOMATIC COMPLETION.
GRUNT: Vital core #1 missing...? Should we...
5 SECONDS REMAINING BEFORE AUTOMATIC COMPLETION.
GRUNT: Should we stop the production?
AUTOMATIC COMPLETION IS NOW ONLINE. PROGRESSING...
GRUNT: Well, I guess that answers our question.
PRODUCT COMPLETED. EJECTING.
GRUNT: I think whatever we made will come out of there?
GRUNT: M-Madame X?!
GRUNT: Ma'am, I am so sorry about erasing Nastasia's harddrive! I don't even remember doing it!
Please spare me...I promise I'll do better!
GRUNT: ...Huh?
This... isn't Madame X at all.
GRUNT: Hm, this ain't Madame X, but it sure does look like her.
All the colors are wrong... Actually, there aren't any colors at all.
I wonder if it came out wrong because it was missing a vital component?
GRUNT: Uh, what's with this fog...?
???: Look at you, Manny. You're completely pathetic.
MANNY: M-Mommy?!
???: Just look at how disgusting you've become. You watched me die from my disease...
And then you tarnish our name even more by joining Team Xen?
You should've never been born. You were a mistake.
MANNY: M-Mom, why are you saying these mean things to me...??
???: And as for you...
MOM: You just left me to die, \PN. After I loved you so much...
You've just proven to me that you too were also a mistake.
Oh, but that sad look you have...
Do you want mommy to make it all better for you?
You want us to be together again, don't you?
Don't worry.
Mommy will make it so we're together...\ts[6]forever.
1mp0$$18L3!
MOM: Oh... I see.
So that's how it is.
You don't want us to be a family again.
That's fine, we won't be a family again.
But I can at least make it so we're all never going to be anything ever again.
MOM: Get ready...
MANNY: T-That's a Dimensional Rift...
I don't remember Zetta saying there were two Rifts here...
MANNY: I think it's about to attack us...Be ready!
... Thanks..
???: Th-Thank you.
MANNY: Phew...
So I'm assuming that wasn't actually my mother.
It was just a projection displayed by that thing.
Even still, that wasn't exactly the most pleasant experience.
Anyway, where did that thing even come from?
Do you think it was hiding in this machine and we disturbed it by restarting production?
Mm...well, whatever the reason was...I think it's settled now.
I think the graveyard is up ahead. Let's go.
[Map184]
???: Say cheese! Oh wait, I think I was supposed to say that before firing away.
Oh well~... That aside, I suppose you're in my memory banks now!
Guess what?
You've been randomly selected to participate in the Fun Games!
Your prize for winning the game? Entrance to Sheridan Village!
Let the Fun Games begin!
"Sheridan Village ahead!"
MOM: ...\PN...
The peak of Amethyst Cave...
Find the peak of Amethyst Cave...
[Map185]
Hello! I'm in charge of the little event going on around here during the day.
We believe that some trainers should be rewarded for traversing through dangerous routes.
Hey, you came to talk to me and I appreciate that. You can have this!
Anyone can appreciate a nice cup of Rose Tea!
Uh...\nOh, yes, I'm the Move Deleter.
I can make Pokmon forget their moves.
Would you like me to do that?
Which Pokmon should forget a move?
Come again if there are moves that need to be forgotten.
What? No Egg should know any moves.
What? I can't make Shadow Pokmon forget a move.
\v[3] seems to know only one move...
Which move should be forgotten?
Hm! \v[3]'s \v[4]? That move should be forgotten?
It worked to perfection!
\v[3] has forgotten \v[4] completely.
HENREY: Hey, you have 2 Virtual Badges, right?
Does that mean you want to take on my Virtual Gym?
HENREY: Let's see where you left off...
After defeating Bugsy, you find yourself in Goldenrod City.
While there, you visit the Goldenrod Gym and challenge Whitney.
Whitney confronts you and says...
"Hi! I'm Whitney! Everyone was into Pokmon, so I got into it too!
Pokmon are super-cute! You want to battle? I'm warning you--I'm good!"
Sob... ...Waaaaaaah! You're mean! You shouldn't be so serious! You...you child, you! Waaaaah! Waaaaah! Snivel, hic...You meanie!
HENREY: You defeated Whitney! Hm... Maybe she needs some work.
Alright, you've earned it \PN. Please take this Badge.
\PN got one \c[1]Virtual Badge!
Come back when you wanna challenge another leader!
HENREY: Understandable.
I'll be here all the time so if you want to try again, I'll be here!
HENREY: Sorry, but you don't have enough virtual badges...
HENREY: Hey, you have 3 Virtual Badges, right?
After defeating Whitney, you've made your way to Ecruteak City.
While there, you visit the Ecruteak Gym and find Morty.
Morty confronts you and says...
"Good of you to have come. Here, in Ecruteak, Pokmon have been revered.
It's said that legendary Pokmon will appear to the truly powerful trainers. It's said that a rainbow-colored Pokmon will come down to appear before a truly powerful trainer."
I'm not good enough yet... All right. This Badge is yours.
HENREY: You defeated Morty! Agh...
HENREY: That's all I can do for you!
There are other dev members on this online fan game scattered throughout the region.
If you find them, please challenge them!
HENREY: Can't do anything else for you! Try to find the rest of us around the world!
Yes
No
[Map186]
There are Zubat hanging upside down on a steel beam.
Maybe there is some way to wake them up?
Do you want to use Flash?
\PN used Flash!
ZUBAT1: Krraakk! Krrrk!
ZUBAT2: Krk! Krk! Krk!
ZUBAT3: Krrrrruuu!
CROBAT: Cro!
Cro...
CROBAT: C-Cro...
ZUBAT2: Krrrkkk!!
ZUBAT2: Kkkkrrakkk!
Zubat latched itself on \PN!
ZUBAT2: Kkrreeearkkk!!
You decided to leave it alone.
HENRIETTA: So we're here out in Mirage Cave and we found a horde of Zubats!
They don't seem too keen on light, so maybe using Flash will produce an interesting outcome?
JEFF: Uh... Those Zubat won't get mad at me for flashing them with my camera, right?
HENRIETTA: Jeff! Pay attention!
JEFF: Sorry... Henrietta...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map187]
"VACANT LOT | If you wish to fill this space, please contact the city officials at the Gearen Laboratory."
OFFICER: You're under arrest!
WITCH: Wh-What? What did I do?
I hear they're having some sort of berry shortage here... Is that true?
WITCH: You brought me 5 Occa Berries! Yay! Let's make the ice cream!
My new flavor, I call it Croccatowa Burst!
People are going crazy for it!
But I'm not there yet! I still need more to become the Ice Cream Sand Witch!
I have more ideas for ice cream flavors! I need 5 Passho Berries!
Here, I already have one ready for you!
Please! I'm so close to being the Ice Cream Sand Witch!
WITCH: Please bring me 5 Occa Berries! I hear they're native to Terajuma Island!
WITCH: You brought me the Passho Berries! Yay! Yay! Let's make the ice cream!
My new flavor, I call it Passhtacio Melt!
It's a very popular item! People can't get enough of it~...
Just a little more until I turn into the refined Ice Cream Sand Witch!!!
CLERK: ...
Business hasn't really been booming lately. Wonder why that is?
WAITER: It's because of that new shop. Witch's Parlor.
CLERK: But that's an ice cream parlor, not a fine dining restaurant.
That shouldn't be affecting our sales.
???: I'm sorry for the interruption, but I can't help but overhear you two.
WAITRESS: Um, sorry, but we don't serve random trainers.
GRUNT: Quiet down, yes? I'm here to make you an offer...
WITCH: Please bring me 5 Passho Berries! I hear they're native to Terajuma Island!
WITCH: I have another idea for a new flavor!
But this one will be really easy to make. I'll need 10 Oran Berries!
But the Oran Berries I need are special. They're from the Orange Archipelago!
I had them ordered and delivered to the Berry Emporium downstairs.
You can find these berries at the Berry Emporium downstairs.
Could you pick them up for me? Thank you!!
WITCH: Please bring me 10 Oran Berries! They're sold down at the Berry Emporium.
WITCH: \PN! You cleared my name!
But getting arrested was only an inconvenience. A witch cannot be confined for long!
That being said, I am grateful for everything you've done for me.
It'll take a lot of work to get my customers back, but I'll work towards it!
Go back and report everything back to Aya! I'm sure they'd like to know that things are going smoothly.
And don't forget it... One day I will become the Ice Cream Sand Witch, and no one can stop me!
WITCH: Once my customers come back, I'll let you sample all of my new flavors, okay?
Until then, go report back to Aya and let's bring more people to this mall!
It's wonderful that all the entrepreneurs were given this mall.
Not only is it convenient for the workers here, but also for the citizens of Gearen!
CINCCINO: Cinci!
HERDIER: Herdurr!
OFFICER: We're here to keep you safe! Please come to me if there's anything I need to know about!
OFFICER: What? The one who tampered with the ice cream batter was actually the employees at Restaurant Le Whoa?
I knew those snobby good for nothings were bad news!
Let's go book 'em!
HOST: W-What's going on here? I want to speak to my lawyer!
OFFICER: It has come to my attention that you were the ones who tampered with Witch's ice cream batter!
HOST: Th-That's ridiculous! There's nothing to prove that!
???: What about a witness?
OFFICER: Ah, aren't you Sasha from Petal Salon? What did you see?
SASHA: Just recently I saw a Grunt from Team Xen walk out of here.
There's something shady going on here, and I'm pretty sure it's not Witch's fault.
OFFICER: Well then, it seems like there are some witnesses.
What do you say about that?
HOST: Alright, fine... I'll confess...
That Team Xen Grunt came in here and threatened us...
The audacity of them... They threatened to trash this restaurant if I didn't comply...
Now do you understand my situation? The cards I have been dealt?
Please understand my situation...
OFFICER: Hm... I see, if that's the case then we should be on the look out for that Xen Grunt.
In the meantime, I'll see to it that Witch is freed from her confinement.
HOST: Thank you, Officer! I feel so much safer now that you're on the case!
OFFICER: Everyone, let's head on out!
SASHA: Officer, you seriously don't believe all of that, do you?
OFFICER: I have to take every claim very seriously.
For now I have to be on the lookout for this supposed Team Xen Grunt.
Until I find another lead, that's what I have to work off.
SASHA: Well, is Witch freed at least?
OFFICER: I sent notice of her release. She should be back in her shop shortly.
SASHA: I see... At least that's been settled.
Well, I have to get back to work now. Hopefully everything gets settled.
OFFICER: We can't do anything until we get a better lead.
But for now, Witch has been freed.
MARACTUS: Maracto!
My hair is looking absolutely AMAZING. And I have Rosa to thank for it.
ROSA: Hello and welcome to Petal Salon!
Would you care for a haircut? It's only 1500 Pokedollars!
There's no need to be afraid of a haircut!
This should only take a moment...
It's done! They look so much better!
Thank you, and come again!
Hm...? You don't have the money!
There's no need to rush! Come back anytime!
Please do come back again tomorrow- I'd love to give your Pokemon a little touch-up!
I bought a Maractus using my coins from the Casino!
It's my first Pokemon, so I don't know a lot about battling...
Please, have a seat! Enjoy yourselves!
WITCH: My parlor is finally complete! Witch's Parlor!
But I'm not done yet. I cannot become a true Ice Cream Sand Witch without original flavors!
The customers won't be truly happy until I serve them superb and original flavors!
I need to make my mark. If I don't make memorable flavors, my power as a Witch will be far too weak! I'm going to need your help! You've
traveled around the world quite a bit, haven't you?
I need 5 Occa Berries! I hear you can find them on Terajuma Island!
But if you're having a hard time, why not just take the one I have and plant it yourself?
WITCH: Good luck!
WITCH: \PN... I don't know what's going on.
OFFICER: Several people have reported severe stomach aches after consuming Witch's ice cream.
We've checked the batter and found a large amount of laxatives.
And because of this, I'm afraid we're going to have to take you in, Witch.
WITCH: It's a mistake! I've been sabotaged...
\PN, I know I've asked for a lot, but please...
Please clear my name! I cannot become an Ice Cream Sand Witch in prison!
Not only is this a salon for Pokemon, but for people as well!
SASHA: Hey, \PN! Glad to see you back in Gearen City!
Mom and I had a little bit of a rough patch, but we're over it now.
Thank you so much for everything you've done for us!
SASHA: Come one! Come all! Perfect your Pokemon's beauty at the Petal Salon!
CLERK: I'm sorry... This is embarrassing, but we actually don't have anything to sell you right now...
We were supposed to get a new shipment a few weeks ago but it never came.
CLERK: Oh? You're here about the help request?
But I don't remember putting any request up...
Now that I think about that Adrienn person came in here earlier to ask how I was doing with my business.
I practically told xem my life story. Maybe they decided to put a request up for me.
Anyway, since this is a thing, I might as well tell you what's going on.
I am the owner of this business, it's true. But I don't have a part in actually producing Pokeballs.
I get my stock from the Tecanlite Factory in West Gearen.
But lately I haven't gotten any shipments, let alone any form of communication.
Could you do me a favor and see what's going on?
CLIENT: Oh! You're back! Thank you for everything!
We finally got a new shipment of Pokeballs after so long!
I can't believe Team Xen was behind it all this time...
Anyway, I'm not supposed to do this, but I feel like you earned it.
CLIENT: Thank you so much!
VANILLISH: Vanilla!
I donated to the construction of this mall. Quite the upgrade, isn't it?
???: Hello, I'm Witch! I'm an employee at the Gearen Laboratory.
My dream is to become the legendary Ice Cream Sand Witch.
When I heard that there were empty store slots here at the new mall, I knew this was my opportunity.
I want my own shop that sells ice cream~...
My flavors will be to die for! I will be known as the Ice Cream Sand Witch!
There's a few things that need to be done, first, though...
I didn't realize buying space would be so much, hehe...
I spent all my money on your reward~! So you're gonna have to help me out here!
Please donate $30,000! It's for the greater good!
\GWITCH: Are you here to donate your money to me?
\GWITCH: Yep, yep! That's all the money we need!
I'll go give the funds needed to Jan and open up the store!
WITCH: Not enough money!
WITCH: I'll be waiting...!
HOST: Oh, hello! Are you-
Oh...
Um...
Yes...
Well...
Uh...
Ew...
But...
Right, well, do you have a reservation?
Hm... It looks like you don't, unfortunately.
How do I say this in a way that doesn't offend.
You're not exactly what we want here at Restaurant Le Whoa!
We only accept extremely strong trainers in our hall.
Please come back when you've received at least 18 badges.
HOST: Yes, yes... What do you want? We don't serve random trainers.
We only host the best of the best. Please come back when-
What? Do I know anything about the tragedy that happened at Witch's Parlor?
Of course I don't, don't be silly.
Please leave.
GRUNT: What a stupid business. Paid me tons of money for a simple job like pouring in laxatives.
Now I just gotta head down to Terajuma Shore and wait for my partner. Hehehe.
VANILLITE: Vani!
LILLIGANT: Lily!
Sorry, but the upper floors are still in development. Please come back later.
The ice cream here is incredible!
"Pokeball Emporium | For all your Pokeball needs!"
Not only is the ice cream here delicious for humans, but for Pokemon too!
"Berry Emporium | Berry Good Selections!!"
I came all the way from Akuwa Town to visit this wonderful mall!
Welcome to the Berry Emporium!
"Restaurant Le Whoa! | Veteran trainers only!"
Berries are important for battling, but I'm sure you already knew that.
Yes
No
[Map188]
[Map189]
FAMUYA: Oh darn it all! I wasn't prepared for such strong trainers...
WORKER: Finally! People are here to save us! We've been waiting so long!
AYA: I'm surprised it took this long too. Don't you guys ever get visitors?
WORKER: Our boss works here in the factory with us.
And I'd imagine anyone who tried to get in would just be shoo'd away.
GRUNT1: You may have beaten us, but I refuse to move from this spot!
AYA: Fine, be that way. We'll just go the long route.
AYA: You know... If this is back here, it probably belongs to the company.
But if you want to take it, I won't stop you. I'll just internally judge you. Slightly.
SCIENTIST: Those buffoons make me laugh! How dare they take over our factory?
Just wait until I contact my lawyer. Then they'll be sorry!
AYA: Ma'am, I don't think contacting a lawyer will help.
They're a massive criminal organization. They won't take your lawsuit with respect.
SCIENTIST: Perhaps I should sue you for that sharp tongue, hm?
Next time you won't be so quick to say unnecessary things, hmph!
AYA: Ugh, why do I even bother with these people?
I've gone ahead and opened the back door for you. There are only Pokeballs made by Team Xen, but maybe you'll find something!
AYA: Huh? You going somewhere?
AYA: I thought we were in the middle of saving this place?
Ugh, fine. Just hurry back, okay?
AYA: Okay... Well can we get back to what we were doing then?
This is our factory now! We're not bothering anyone! Just corporate Aevium!
But what about our Pokeballs? What will happen to them?
Why do you always have to ruin everything?
\PN turned the key and unlocked the door!
Locked.
AYA: Locked? REALLY? The key to this place has got to be around here somewhere.
\PN turned the key and opened the door!
SCIENTIST: Those rotten fools have gotten in the way of production!
They won't even let us leave because that would "cause a scene".
AYA: I dunno, it's a smart move by them. No one will notice what's going on here if no noise is made.
SCIENTIST: I concur, but it's still irritating.
Y-You're from the Reborn Region? This is Aevium, not Reborn!
Hhgh... This strength is just immense!
We'll be in a lot of trouble if we lose control of this factory...
BEAUTY1: See? We told you we've been compromised!
BEAUTY2: What are we gonna do, sis? We tried our best to trick them!
But they were too smart for us! Yes, far too intelligent.
???: And what, may I ask, is going on here?
AYA: Um, that was my question. I think you should answer us first.
???: A spunky one, are we?
The name's Alana. I'm the one in charge of this silly little factory!
???: That's not true! Don't believe what this witch says!
AYA: Who are you?
???: I'm the real President of Tecanlite Factory!
This wench used to be my girlfriend, but it turns out she was conning me the entire time!
ALANA: Heh, what's wrong with a little backstabbing?
Team Xen hired me to trick you this entire time and you never even guessed.
Can you even imagine how much money Team Xen offered me?
I bet you can't even begin to fathom it, hm?
Your riches mean nothing to me!
AYA: Oh, I see... You're a "gold digger". My brother used to tell me all the time about those people.
You're really awful, you know that?
ALANA: Awful? Tch... The only awful one here is this old man going after young women! It's disgusting!
I'm doing this city a favor by doing this!
AYA: I'm not convinced, but whatever you say.
ALANA: Death Wings, get them!
GRUNT1: Who are you to order us?
ALANA: Wh-What? I am in charge here! Do what I say!
GRUNT2: You're a fool to think that you're the one in control.
GRUNT1: You think we'd actually give you anything?
You're just another pawn we use to meet our goal.
ALANA: It... It can't be!
I was a pawn? What about my money! What about-
AYA: What happened to them?! They just... disappeared...
GRUNT1: All who get in the way of Team Xen shall meet the same fate!
GRUNT2: You all will know our struggle... You'll know why we fight!
AYA: These two are different... Don't let your guard down!
...!!!
Is it possible for Death Wings to fail?! But how?!
GRUNT1: ...!
No... That's not possible... It isn't possible for Death Wings to lose!
GRUNT2: After all our training... is \PN becoming just as strong as us?!
GRUNT1: To think that we were entrusted with this factory by Madame X...
Just to lose it all in the end.
GRUNT2: We'll lose more than just this factory. Failure isn't tolerated.
That's the number one rule we Death Wings live by.
Success or death. There is no in between.
We shall not meet again.
AYA: Success or death? If you fail a mission as a Death Wing... It's just... over?
How could one sign up to be something like that?
To risk your life at every corner... I just can't think about it.
PRESIDENT: And we cannot think of it!
PRESIDENT: What's done is done. There's nothing we can do.
That being said-- Thank you both for saving me and the factory!
If you two hadn't shown up, Team Xen would've gotten away with their schemes for sure.
AYA: It was no big deal. We just did what we had to.
PRESIDENT: Unfortunately, I don't have a reward for you now...
All of our stock has been depleted because of Team Xen.
However, if you return in the future, I may have something that's worth your time.
AYA: I wasn't really looking for a reward, but thanks I guess.
I suppose we're done here then? Let's leave.
Can you come back later? I'm really tired right now.
Please? What if I said pretty please?
That's the last time I stay up late watching movies with Ibrahim...
AYA: No one's at the front desk...
All I wanted to do was take a nap after a long day of Gym Leader duties.
I mean, really... Is that too much to ask for?
???: Wait, I hear people talking! Over this way!
AYA: Huh?
GRUNT1: What? Wasn't the front door closed?
GRUNT2: It was locked. I checked before we started production.
AYA: These guys... Are these people part of that group I've heard about?
Uh, what was it again? Team Yin? Team... Bin? Den? Something like that.
GRUNT1: It's Team Xen, you imbecile!
AYA: Oh that's right. Sorry, I didn't really feel like memorizing your mediocre team was worth the time.
GRUNT1: M-Mediocre?!
AYA: Anyway, you guys must be the reason why we haven't been getting any Pokeball shipments, right?
It's such a bother, but it has to be done I guess.
\PN, care to battle alongside me?
GRUNT1: What? You guys already wanna fight? No time to talk?
GRUNT2: What does it matter? Just get into position!
GRUNTS: Team Xen! Strike the pose! The glorious X!
AYA: You look ridiculous.\| It fits you two perfectly.
Let's get this over with.
Wait... I've seen these two before...
This isn't good...
GRUNT1: Y-Yeah, I do remember this girl!
That's \PN, Destroyer of Team Xen and Aya, Poison Leader of Reborn City!
I'm not surprised with \PN's presence, but a Leader from Reborn?!
GRUNT2: This is bad... We should pull back and inform the others!
GRUNT1: Y-Yeah, let's go before it gets too crazy!
AYA: Looks like we're famous \PN. If Hardy were here, he'd laugh.
Seriously though, if Team Xen is in here that can't mean anything good.
Let's save Adrienn and Jan the pain and take care of the issue ourselves.
You've had more experience than me, so I'll just follow you.
BEAUTY1: Wait a minute, hold on!
AYA: What now?
BEAUTY2: Sorry for stopping you, but you mustn't come this way!
AYA: Huh? Why not? We're sorta in the middle of something.
BEAUTY1: It isn't safe back here! Doesn't that scare you?
AYA: Don't be stupid. Of course we know it's not safe.
And no, it doesn't scare us.
BEAUTY2: Why waste the time to save this rusty 'ol factory?
Trust us, it's too far gone!
BEAUTY1: Yes, please believe my sister and I when we say it's too far gone!
We aren't lying, we promise!
AYA: I didn't ask if you were lying or not. \PN, these two are creeps.
Let's just let them be creepy and move on.
BEAUTIES: Okay~ But we're telling the truth! Don't come crying to us when you two fall!
AYA: That was so weird.
Personally, I feel like this factory belongs to everyone. I should be able to walk in and take whatever I want!
I mean, really? Charge us for Pokeballs? Not with hard earned money.
And guess what? If you order from this place they totally screw you on the shipping fees.
WORKER: I thought we were goners... No one's come to help us for the months we've been trapped here!
AYA: Trapped in here for months, huh? Did these crooks provide meals for you or something?
WORKER: As long as we produced Pokeballs for them, they let us do anything but leave.
AYA: Yikes, that's... hard to think about. Could've been worse.
Yes
No
[Map190]
Thanks for recommending this place to me!
There aren't many wild Pokemon in the water here, though...
I heard Team Xen attacked this place a while back. Maybe that's got somethin' to do with it?
I'm ready to work! Just set me in the right direction!
ENGINEER: It took a while, but we got here and we're ready to work whenever!
I caught a Magikarp here a long time ago. Apparently they're rare Pokemon now!
MARISSA: Let's keep doing what we're doing! We're on a roll here!
ADRIENN: Things went perfectly! Good job everyone!
ADRIENN: Marissa, your technique is exactly what we needed.
MARISSA: Teehee... I'm glad I was useful!
ADRIENN: Edward, I really admired the way you pulled the rest of the team together.
Those leadership skills will get you far, but don't forget that it's a skill!
You need to keep honing it or it'll wane.
EDWARD: Will do, Adrienn! Thank you!
ADRIENN: And finally, James. You work really well with a group.
Your cooperation and synergy with the rest of the team made things go by so much quicker!
JAMES: I do what I can!
ADRIENN: And how could I forget \PN? The one that got everything we needed!
But let's not get overconfident. We're not even close to being done.
But if we keep this pace, we'll be done in no time. Keep your heads up!
Let's go team!
ADRIENN: Hey, \PN. Back to make some progress?
ADRIENN: We have the pathways restored. Trainers will be able to travel safely now.
But that's not all Jan has in store for this place.
There are a lot of Pokemon in Gearen, but there's a considerable lack of Water Pokemon available.
Jan thinks that if he makes this place into a fishing paradise, we could give new trainers new opportunities to capture Water Pokemon.
We're going to need $58,000 this time. Along with three expert fishermen.
We'll also need an architect to help us restore old bridges and of course build new ones.
ADRIENN: What would you like to submit?
\GADRIENN: We'll be needing about $58,000 to pay our workers and gather resources.
\GAre you ready to contribute?
\GADRIENN: Thank you! We have enough money for the second step in the process!
ADRIENN: Understandable. Please come back when you've gathered enough!
ADRIENN: Sorry, but you don't have enough money...
ADRIENN: We already have enough funds for the second step of the project.
ADRIENN: We'll be needing your help! But please, take your time.
ADRIENN: There are fishermen all over the world, some of them would be willing to come over.
I remember seeing a Fisherman on the way here. Try East Gearen City?
I also know Aquamarine Cave and Route 2 are popular fishing spots as well.
Sorry, that's all I have for now.
ADRIENN: Um, I remember Jan recommending me this place located on Terajuma Island?
You've been there, right? Maybe you've already come across it!
ADRIENN: Let's see here...
We have all the fishermen needed to continue with the project!
We don't have all the necessary fishermen to fulfill our tasks...
We don't have all the necessary workers to fulfill our tasks...
We have an architect who is willing to build everything we need! For a price, of course.
We still need to hire an architect to construct all the projects Jan had in mind.
The funds needed to continue the project has been gathered!
We still need to gather funds for resources and paying our workers.
ADRIENN: Goodness! We have everything we need to continue the project!
Well then, let's get started! This'll be a group effort!
\PN, Adrienn, Scyther, Marissa, James, Edward, the three fisherman and the architects went to work!
ADRIENN: Come back when everything's been successfully gathered!
SCYTHER: Sytha!
Scyther is cutting away at dead shrubbery and rotten wood.
JAMES: Things are only going to get better from here on out, right?
That means I'm going to have to put my entire being into this project!
We're going to make this place beautiful! Just you watch!
"Goldenwood Cave."
Wispy Path - East.\nGoldenwood Cave - North.
Hey, you were right about this place! So much better to fish here than at Route 2.
Route 2 smelled better, though. Is that weird?
Goldenwood Forest... I used to come here when I was small.
Everything's so different now.
CONKELDURR: Keldur!
Restoration
Any tips?
Progress
Nevermind
What's the goal?
I want to submit something!
Money ($58,000)
Yes
No
Fishermen?
Architect?
[Map191]
PYUKUMUKU: Pyukumuk!
...
Dex..
ADAM: We'll protect the ship while you guys go off and do what you gotta do.
MELIA: Urgh... \|Is...\| Is everyone okay?
VALARIE: Bones. Hurt.
AELITA: That was so rough, but I feel alright, I think...
AELITA: Um, is it just me, or has it gotten a lot... warmer?
MELIA: No, you're right... It is a lot hotter, and also...\| The ship isn't moving.
VALARIE: Of course it isn't moving! Look over there!
AELITA: No way... The ship's gone aground!
MELIA: But... this can't be...
This beach, I've been here before, a long time ago.
This shore we've ended up on, it's a beach belonging to\c[6] Terajuma Island.
VALARIE: Terajuma Island?! But that's impossible! We were just coming up on the Evergreen Islands.
Which is, by the way, north, not south.
MELIA: ...
AELITA: Yes! I can confirm that this is indeed a beach with a very nice and sandy shore!
I've never been to the tropical islands! This could be really exciting!
VALARIE: So we're all under the same thought that whatever happened just now has to do with us being in Terajuma, right?
MELIA: I don't think there's much debate on that one.
(But why would she interfere like this...?)
???: Sam, I'm going to check on the teleport pad in the jung-
MELIA: Uh...
VALARIE: Hello...?
AELITA: There!
???: Hey, Sam?
SAM: What's up, Alex?
ALEX: What's the code for a ship appearing out of thin air and crashing along the shore?
SAM: Huh? Oh, that's a "Code:Orange".
ALEX: Ah, I see. A Code:Orange.
Hey, Sam?
SAM: Yeah?
ALEX: Code:Orange.
SAM: What?
ALEX: I said Code:Orange.
SAM: Welp, that's definitely a Code: Orange.
AELITA: ...Um, hello! Nice to meet you!
ALEX: Uh-huh...
Yeah, hope you guys don't mind, but we're going to have to take you to Kakori Village for questioning.
VALARIE: Questioning? I suppose appearing out of the blue is... unusual.
But there's something we have to take care of first.
MELIA: Oh that's right... Saki! It all happened so fast, I... I nearly forgot.
When the ship went through that... uh, thing, she was catapulted off the side...
(Even though we weren't on the island yet, I doubt she'd be too far away...)
ALEX: Pfft, and you expect us to believe that? What a wild story.
SAM: In fact, on closer inspection, that ship seems to have Team Xen banners all over it!
ALEX: I didn't even notice that until you mentioned it!
Sorry, but you can't fool us, Team Xen! This island has been free of your trouble and we won't let that end!
MELIA: Wait, please! It's not what you think!
MELIA: \PN?!
MELIA: \PN, let's fight together!
SAM: Doesn't matter! We'll protect Terajuma Island!
We weren't able to stop... Team Xen?
Crawli is going to be so mad with us...
MELIA: Yes! \PN, we make a great team!
ALEX: Tch... We should head back to Kakori Village and inform Crawli.
MELIA: Ergh, that didn't go well at all...
We're both strong, but as a team...? I don't know about that one...
ALEX: It doesn't matter. We're going to arrest all of you and hand you over to Crawli.
MELIA: Would you guys just drop it already?! We're not part of Team Xen!
We were captured by them, but we managed to escape. That's all there is to it!
VALARIE: If you still don't trust her, just take a look at my Trainer Card.
ALEX: A-Ah! This Trainer Card! It has an official league stamp on it.
SAM: That's the same emblem that's on Crawli's card! This must be legit.
MELIA: Do you believe us now?
ALEX: It's hard not to. Alright fine, we believe you.
But you guys should probably get that ship off the beach.
There's an indoor pier just around the corner. It'd probably be best to hide this beast in there.
MELIA: Right, we'll get this ship off the beach. But uh... there's a slight problem.
SAM: Don't worry, our Pokemon and I will help get this beached whale back into the waters.
After we get that all situated, we'll escort you guys into our village and get everything else settled.
MELIA: Thank you...
VALARIE: We appreciate it! Let's get started then!
DRJENKEL: What are you lot doing on Terajuma, huh?
We have you somewhat surrounded, haha... Don't we, \PN?
OLDLADY: Wrong, we have you surrounded.
LADY: You two know too much. We must eradicate you appropriately.
Let us reveal our true forms!
INKAY: We have revealed ourselves to you!
DRJENKEL: Ohh.... Now, this is a development! They're a group of Inkay.
INKAY: Not so fast! If you lay a hand on any of us, we will destroy your friends.
Leave us to our plans, and we shall set them free.
DRJENKEL: First you must tell us what you all are doing here!
INKAY: We are not obliged to answer stinky humans like you two.
Our plans are absolute. We shall be successful and there is nothing you all can do about it.
DRJENKEL: Okay, we're going after them!
Locked.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
[Map192]
Is it angels? Is it devils? Whisper it into my ear!
Let me go gravity. What's on my shoulder...?
Wake up, show appreciation!
SKIPLOOM: Skipoo!
Night time is when all the magic happens!
All the magic is gone..
Get away from me.
The city is so quiet at night...It's great.
There's also a nice and comfortable breeze.
You've probably heard this before, but it doesn't even feel like we're in a dome.
It's no use...
A wild Pokemon played a prank on me and threw my precious TM on top of that roof.
There's no way I can get it now...
Maybe if there was a way to move it without getting up there.
Astounding...the wind is so strong today!
The wind blew my TM off the roof, but now I have no idea where it went...
I'm done worrying about that thing. If you find it, you can have it.
If you can find that TM, you can have it.
I don't have time to look for it...
When I grow up I want to be just like Risa Raider.
She's, like, super gorgeous and beautiful.
What can I do to get silky long hair like hers?
I'm a fairy and you are a criminal.
You should be killed by an army of little fairies.
Leave.
It's sunny out and I'm having a great time!
Here, take this a symbol of my happiness!
If you have a Miracle Seed, Grass-Type attacks are powered up.
JUMPLUFF: Pleu! Pleu!
This is Main Street. The main street!
HENRIETTA: Sigh, this is ridiculous...
We turn our heads for a moment and Volta disappears.
We don't even have a place to stay without her...
HEATMOR: Moooooooar.
"MISSING PERSON REPORT!
Name: Rune\nGender: Female Age: 25
Occupation: Axis High Professor. Last seen: ???"
I only stand here as a symbol of strength.
Only the strongest can stand out in the open for long periods of time.
"Main Street Station".
My Heatmor is so cute! I love it so much!
???: So, you want to learn about what's up with those people guarding that building?
Well, first I gotta ask you what your intentions are.
???: I see... So you want to find the children that have gone missing?
Well, I commend you for your involvement in such a noble task.
But I must inform you that I cannot allow someone working with the police to discover what's in that building.
I would be willing to help you out if you do one thing for me, though.
Cancel your Help Request, and then we'll talk a little. Got that?
And I know my voice may be deep and soothing, but I am most certainly serious.
Again, cancel your Help Request and find me loitering around the streets.
I only hang around PokeStar Studios, so don't keep me waiting.
Someone requested snow! I'm so happy!
Hey...Let me show you how happy I am with this humble gift!
I like it when it snows softly. Blizzards can be a little much for me.
But no matter what weather it is, a Casteliacone is always delicious!
Now that I showed my happiness, how about I show my skill?
I can never win!
I can't battle, but I sure can scream into the darkness!
JEFF: Henrietta and Jeff coming live to you from GDC at night because...
We have nowhere to stay...
You won't believe this, but I saw a Pokemon float in the air when it was Windy!
It was so cool! I want to see it again!
Sorry, am I bugging you?
Someone apparently doesn't appreciate my puns. I bet they made your skin crawl.
Well, you beat me. You're Butterfree from my puns.
Do you want to use the Weather Board for 575$?
Which weather phenomenon do you want to request?
Rain selected.
Thunderstorm selected.
Snow selected.
Sunny selected.
Wind selected.
Insufficient funds.
There's this really weird building in the city and it's starting to get me extremely curious.
The doors were closed so I couldn't exactly go inside to investigate.
What to do...
Have you been to the Scholar District?
A lot of students live there because they have easy access to Axis High University.
Not only that, but the city provides a plethora of educational services.
Isn't it kind of weird that people don't mind total strangers walking into their apartments?
I mean, sometimes they just come inside and steal your things!
Hello dear. Are you enjoying the sunlight?
I'm quite enjoying it. I hope this was fun.
The sun is important for growth. Don't neglect it.
The wind is absolutely heavenly.
Please take this.
This will power up the moves of Flying- Type Pokemon.
The world is my maze and the wind is my guide.
Together make for an unstoppable combination!
I suppose you're wondering what an old man is doing out so late?
It's for my own mental health, I assure you.
The first rule of crossing the street is to not look both ways!
...Or is it to look both ways?
Whatever, I'll cross the street without looking!
These SPU delivery men are ruthless.
They almost ran me over while trying to cross the street.
I think it has to do with their speedy delivery policy.
Hiyah! It all ends here!
Noooooooooooooooooo!
No.
HENRIETTA: It is Henrietta! Coming from Grand Dream City!
We were just here with our boss, Volta, but she is nowhere to be found at the moment...!
J-Jeff, just cut the camera.
My Politoed is stronger than any of your Pokemon combined.
Wanna see?
What? That's impossible.
How could I lose to you?
Maybe Politoed isn't invincible like I thought.
I'm going to have to think of something else fast.
CHAD: Hey, it's you! I wanted to ask you something!
Do you happen to have a Starmie?
If you do...would you be willing to trade it for an Omanyte?
Yeah, yeah, I know. Omanyte is a weird Pokemon to just have randomly.
But Omanyte is a really rare Pokemon!
So c'mon! What do you say?
CHAD: Aw, c'mon dude! This is a great deal!
CHAD: Haha, All right! Let's get this going!
\PN traded Starmie for Omanyte!
CHAD: All right! Now my strategy is bound to work!
Can't talk right now...
I'm going to become the Champion with this amazing build!
Some Pokemon come out during different types of weather.
It seems like Pokemon have preferences, too.
POLITOED: Poooli?
JEFF: Where could Volta be?
These SPU trucks are here all day and all night.
Seriously, when are they going to move them? Does anyone even own them?
I was born in Oblitus Town, but was forced to move here.
You can't stay in a place where you can't earn money.
That poor town is on its last legs.
Is this your first time to Grand Dream City?
I'm sure you'll enjoy what we have to offer!
Isn't it just great here?
What's an Aroma Lady doing outside at night?
There are nocturnal aromas if you didn't know.
Man, you gotta go to Texen's parties sometime.
They're completely crazy and fun.
Have you been to Route 8?
I've been there recently and I've had the pleasure of seeing a wild Snorlax!
It wouldn't move when I tried to interact with it...
I wonder how we're supposed to get that big brute to move?
I hear that there are many underground areas in Grand Dream City.
The only one that is made aware to the public is the Sewer.
What exactly is this city hiding? I want answers.
Yes
No
Rain.
Thunderstorm.
Snow.
More options.
Blizzard.
Sunny.
Windy.
[Map193]
We can finally hang out now that most people are at home.
People see a bunch of rough looking guys and they assume the worst!
We're not bad guys! We're just extremely misunderstood!
We're filming "The Bridge That Fell In Love With a Pelipper".
You're going to have to come back after we're done filming!
I saw some people from Goldenleaf Town on the eastern part of the city.
It's so shocking to me to see them reach out socially.
They used to be extremely isolated. I wonder who changed them?
"MISSING PERSON REPORT!
Name: Rune\nGender: Female Age: 25
Occupation: Axis High Professor. Last seen: ???"
We don't have time to keep an eye on you. Just stay away from this building!
Huh? What are you doing looking at me like that?
We're not doing anything suspicious, so you should just leave us alone!
She ignores you.
She ignores you...And kind of gives you an odd look...
Oh...
So... you know the code phrase then? I suppose I'll have to let you pass.
Just don't cause any trouble or I'll find you!
Her face looks like she's seen a ghost.
She can't believe the stupidity that just came out of your mouth.
And frankly, neither can you.
She gives you a disgusted look and turns the other way.
I'm going to be a movie star, dahling.
It's only a a matter of time before I do, dahling. My audition is tomorrow.
Sorry, but PokeStar Studios is under construction.
Please come back later.
ANA: Looks like PokeStar Studios is closed right now...
I heard they're gonna open up soon so I'll just wait around until they do.
Hey, care to spare some change?
Eh, I didn't need any money anyway. I just wanted to see if you'd give.
We're just tryin' to make a living here, y'know?
"PokeStar Studios Street".
Sorry, but we're filming a movie on this bridge!
You'll have to come back later!
My son is currently being treated for a fever at the Hospital of Hope.
Hopefully he'll be out quite soon.
The doctor there, Isha, is going to cure him... I know it.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
MAGGY: Magy!
Can you not look at me that way? I'm actually pretty insecure.
Why didn't you let me win?
I poured out my insecurities, and you still have the nerve to beat me?
"Tourist Locations present here:\n PokeStar Studios.\n GDC Art Gallery".
There is an exquisite painting on display at the Art Gallery here.
If you have any artistic talent or any sense of culture...
Well, you know what to do.
Hey, do you have a map I can use?
I said a map, not a stomp.
Sigh, what can you do?
???: Hey you.
I'm assuming you're interested in what those two people are guarding, right?
Well, I might be able to help you out a little bit.
Meet me on Main Street. I'll be hiding behind some trees.
Don't keep me waiting.
Hear that? That's the sound of you crying to yo momma!
Uh, I think I played the wrong note.
Rematch?
I ordered something using my Emizon Prone account, and SPU delivered it three days late.
\ts[5]THREE DAYS.
I tried to be an actor but I was fiercely rejected.
Maybe I'm just not cut out for showbiz.
My dream is to get my own painting in an exhibit.
But I also have a dream of becoming the world's greatest actor!
Ah, the life of an artist is so difficult.
???: Oh, so you actually went and cancelled the request?
Good.
I'll help you find what's in that building now.
You need a secret password to get into the building.
Well, it's not actually a one word password, it's more like a phrase.
The phrase is "Snorlax Sleeps Somberly".
You got that? "Snorlax Sleeps Somberly". I won't say it again.
And... Just so you know... I have people following you.
So you better not tell Officer Jenny what I've just told you.
It won't end up good for you.
Goodbye now.
I'm not in the position to talk too much about anything.
But if there's one thing I know, it's that night time rules over any other time.
Who says a spirit medium can't become a famous actor?
I'll show the world. I'll show all of you!
I wonder what's so secret about this building here?
They don't let anyone inside. Not even someone as cool as me!
That ain't cool, man!
Don't you know that it's dangerous to walk down an alley by yourself?
You have a ton of power. You'll be fine.
Just be careful doing stuff like that, all right?
THIEF: Now that I finally have this painting... I can sell it on the Black Market!
That stupid kid actually thought I was interested in that piece?
Oh yeah, I'm interested all right... Interested in its worth!
I'm so genius I make myself laugh with pleasure. Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho!
Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!
You got a problem, kid? Beat it.
What? Why are you STARING at me like that?
Get lost!
He laughs in your face.
He tries to think about the word "sleepily". He has no idea if it's a real word or not.
Huh...? That phrase you just said?
I guess that means you're cool to pass through this doors, huh?
Go on ahead, mate. Just don't create too much noise.
You can hear the gears in his head stop as he slows down and process what you just said.
The sheer stupidity that left your mouth leaves him in constant disarray.
He doesn't know if you're just trying to troll him, or if you're just that stupid.
Who knows which is the right answer? You certainly don't.
He looks away and pretends you don't exist anymore.
Snorlax Sleeps Soberly.
Snorlax Sleeps Sleepily
Snorlax Sleeps Somberly
Snorlax Sleeps Simbabwe
[Map194]
MAN: Can you believe this...?
WOMAN: Huh? What's up?
MAN: Apparently Team Xen attacked Terajuma Island.
WOMAN: Really? I thought that place was pretty peaceful...
MAN: You would think a tourist area would be that, right?
WOMAN: Looks like the people of Team Xen have no bounds...They'll cross any line.
MAN: Yeah, I agree...
WOMAN: Team Xen... Do you think they'd try something with Grand Dream City?
MAN: Heck, I'd love to see them try.
We have great defenses. I doubt they'd be able to get through the city gate!
WOMAN: Yeah... you're right!
Hey, you stopped to talk to me!
Damn, blown away.
Seriously not cool! Don't you want to see a cute girl win?
Do you want to use the Weather Board for 575$?
Which weather phenomenon do you want to request?
Rain selected.
Thunderstorm selected.
Snow selected.
Sunny selected.
Wind selected.
Insufficient funds.
Central Square is sort of empty at night.
I wonder if it's because of this whole stone scandal?
How mysterious!
Hm, you look a bit tan...Did you come from Terajuma Island?
I knew it. Did you know that I'm from Terajuma Island? Kakori Village to be exact!
So you did come from Terajuma Island?
Hope you enjoyed it there! Take these!
I sort of miss home...Maybe I'll go visit Crawli sometime?
LICKITUNG: Lickeh!
I wonder why certain people only come out when there's a specific type of weather active.
I get that we all have our preferences, but isn't it a little silly to only come out when it rains or snows?
Oh bother...my date has left because it started to rain.
I suppose I'll take this time to battle you.
Ah, you seem to be quite skilled. I'm not an actual trainer myself...
RUI: My, my... you are the experienced battler, aren't you?
I'm not a battler myself, honestly.
Thank you for your time, though! I appreciate it!
RUI: Oh, it's you \PN! Just the person I wanted to see...
Battling with you yesterday has inspired me to become a better trainer myself.
But I want to battle with a strong Pokemon, so...
Would you like to trade my Slurpuff for a Roserade?
RUI: Ah, I see. That's quite fine.
If you ever change your mind...Please come back!
You'll do it? Sweet!
\PN traded Roserade for Slurpuff!
RUI: Thank you so much! I promise to take good care of your Roserade!
RUI: Ah, hello \PN! How are you doing?
Your Roserade is doing quite fine! We should have a battle sometime!
Nurse Joy is so beautiful...
I wonder if she'll go on a date with me?
Hey, you won't find me outside if it rains!
"Central Station."
Ever been arrested by Officer Jenny?
Heh, I have.
...What? I'm not implying anything...
"2nd Avenue Station".
PLUSLE: Piy! Piy!
I moved here from Gearen City quite some time ago.
The cheerful and colorful nature of Grand Dream City is actually quite the change. I suppose it's nice.
I do miss the darkness of Gearen City sometimes, though.
MINUN: Mi! Mi!
JENNY: Hello! I am the Officer Jenny of the Dream District!
Keep an eye out for mysterious individuals who live on causing havoc for the community!
DRIVER: That's just great. Who decided to just walk in the middle of the street and just stay there?
Now for some reason my truck refuses to start up again. Perfect.
Hey, kid. You came at the perfect time, you know that?
Would you be willing to deliver some packages in my place?
Don't look at me like that! Of course there will be a reward for doing so.
So, what do you say? Will you help me?
DRIVER: Thanks a lot, kid. You're doing me a huge favor.
The first destination's the clerk in the lobby of the Residential District.
Return to me once you've delivered that parcel!
DRIVER: Sigh...
DRIVER: The first destination's the clerk in the lobby of the Residential District.
DRIVER: Seems like the package has been successfully delivered!
That's one job down... But there are plenty more to go.
Seems like the next job is for a woman named Patty.
She supposedly works at Mika's Caf, so that'll be the next destination.
Thank you!
DRIVER: Seems like the next job is for a woman named Patty.
DRIVER: Patty has sent me a notice of her item being delivered.
Glad that worked out!
Only two more parcels left to deliver for today...
So your penultimate destination will be in the Judicial District.
Specifically the Officer who works behind the counter.
DRIVER: Only two more parcels left to deliver for today...
DRIVER: Looks like you've gone ahead and delivered that package. Nice!
Now, for your final-
Well, this is quite awkward... It seems this package is actually a few years old...
It was for a scientist many years ago, but they left the region unexpectedly.
Because of that, they never got this thing and it's been on my truck for years.
Well, since it probably no longer matters, how about we open it?
It's a bottle of... Bubble Dew?
It says to spray these in small damp areas for the chance of a specific rare Pokemon to appear.
There's probably no purpose for this thing anymore, so I should just throw it out.
But you're a Pokemon Trainer, aren't you? Perhaps this means much more to you than it does to me.
Hey, I know a place where this bottle may become useful!
There's a place called\c[6] Forlorned Cave on Route 9.
Well, there's a small part of that cave that fits this description perfectly!
And since you did the favor of delivering all of these packages for me, I'll go ahead and spray this bottle there for you!
So be sure to go there soon to see if this thing actually works or not!
Thank you again!
Have you heard of the celebrity Risa Raider?
Not only is she a high class actor, but she's also a top-tier engineer!
She's spewing with talent!
Hm, so this is the Central Building?
Wow, the size of this building is absolutely impressive...
Those two Pokemon over there are Plusle and Minun.
They're brothers and are actually well known residents of the Dream District.
They're in different parts of the city depending on the time of day.
If you'd like to learn some history on Grand Dream City, I'd recommend going to the Dream Library.
That's located in the Scholar District, by the way.
Hey beautiful. What brings you here?
Wow, cute and talented. I like you.
You have a lot of talent, hun.
C'mon, did you find out what this place is called yet?
Shhh...! Don't speak. Take this.
More HP...
More....HP!
Some people think being too happy is a mistake.
I for one believe being in the ignorance of happiness to be a good thing.
I will always stand by that.
What is with all these blackouts lately?
All the subway lines connecting to different districts have been totally out of order!
If you're thinking about going to Axis High University... You should probably give up on that dream.
There have been major power outages lately, and the gate leading there is considered hazardous.
It's a shame, really.
Ah, the skin crawling breeze of winter.
I can never get enough of it!
'Lotta people think that they won't turn to stone themselves.
I say that everyone is in danger...
I heard that Risa Raider has one brother and one sister...
One left Grand Dream City to become a Gym Leader elsewhere, and the other went to Gearen City.
What were their names again?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Listen, I know someone told me that there aren't any Pokemon in this fountain, but that won't stop me!
Heh...Do you wanna hear something cool?
People often drop money while shopping at the Shopping District.
You might wanna search the floor sometime. Who knows, maybe you'll get lucky...?
Fine with me...
O-Oh dear, this street has no streetlight...
I don't know when to cross and if I don't know when to cross I don't know what to do.
If I don't know what to do I just stand here all day because that's all I know what to do.
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, what do I do?!
Huh? You want me to cross the street now?!
Okay, I'll do it!
Okay, here I go!
Oh god...............................
I'm in the middle of the street.
Oh god, oh god, oh god, what do I do?!
???: H-Hey, get off the street!
OH GOD. OH GOD. OH GOD.
OH GOD, WHAT DO I DO? WHAT DO I DO?!
It's one thing to be scared of the dark, but it's another to be scared of being turned to stone.
Like, since when did the world turn into some cartoon show?
West - Mika's Caf.\n East - Central Building.\n South - Residential Gate.\n
I'm practicing for the tournament in a few days!
I won't win if I can't beat some random trainer!
I'm going to have to be stronger...
OH GOD. OH GOD. OH GOD...
"2nd Street".
It's quite a nice day out today.
It doesn't feel like we're even living underneath a dome.
There's a breath of fresh air and a feeling of comfort.
That's all I need for something to feel like home.
All right, are you ready to feel our power combination?!
Well, that was fun at least!
We weren't good enough to defeat you, but next time we won't let it go down the way it did!
It's so sad to hear about Rune's disappearance...
She was such a sweet woman. She knew how to make everyone smile.
Maybe she'll turn up soon...
Halt, I want to test out my Pokemon on you!
I see...I'll need to try other ways.
This battle has proven to be quite fruitful for my research.
My boyfriend and I have a powerful combination.
Talk to him if you want to face us...If you're brave enough of course.
RHODEA: Looks like you've all made it here without any problems!
MELIA: Yeah, we've looked around a bit and found our way here someway or another.
HUEY: Nice! How are you all enjoying the city?
VENAM: It's pretty overwhelming, actually.
I'm a city girl, but this place is freakin' huge.
HUEY: Heh, don't worry. You'll get used to it quickly.
RHODEA: Now, I'm sure you all are eager to find a place to stay, so let's-
GIRL: \ts[2]Eeeeeeep!!! Is that really her?!
BOY: It really is her! It's really Risa Raider!
MELIA: Risa...Raider?
RISA: Ah, what a beautiful day today is!
BOY: Risa! I love you!!!
GIRL: RISA, SIGN MY PELIPPER PLEASE!
RISA: Thanks, Chives! Just wait here for me.
Oh, and how could I forget my lovely fans!
Thank you ALL for greeting me here today!
This one is for all of you who showed up!
Mwah!
RISA: Ohmigosh... Rhodea, is that you?
It's so good to see you!!
RHODEA: It looks like you haven't forgotten me after all, Risa.
RISA: I am so hurt by that statement, Rhodea.
You know I love you long time.
It's just been so busy at Axis High University.
Being a full-time actor doesn't help my free time either. It's such a bother.
RHODEA: Hah, excuses.
RISA: And a mwah to you too, Rhodie.
VENAM: ...Rhodie?
RISA: Oh my. I was so distracted that I didn't even notice that we had company!
RHODEA: Risa, these are my friends Melia, Venam, Kanon, and-
RISA: \PN!
KANON: You know \PN?
RISA: Uh, how could I not know \PN?!
The Team Xen destroyer!
That's the name I've given you! You're famous at Axis High.
RHODEA: Little known secret about Risa is that she actively fights against Team Xen.
She's partially the reason why Team Xen isn't seen around these parts that often.
RISA: Hell yeah I do. Team Xen has overstayed their welcome here in the Aevium Region.
I say it's time to drive them out once and for all, don't you think so?
RISA: Just thinking about a world without Team Xen just gets me all fired up!
HUEY: There she goes showing off again.
RISA: Sorry, I can't help it!
Anyway, what was I doing here in the first place...
Oh, that's right. I came here to sign up for the tournament!
MELIA: Tournament?
RISA: Oh, come on, Rhodea. You haven't even explained what's going on?
RHODEA: I haven't had the opportunity to, but if you want to explain it-
RISA: What Rhodea failed to mention to you all is that we're having our annual Festival of Dreams!
VENAM: Festival of Dreams?
RISA: Mm-hm. It's the anniversary of Grand Dream City's creation next week.
So to commemorate that, we hold a week long event called the Festival of Dreams.
It's this huge thing where we have lots of food, plays, outdoor activities, but most importantly...
We open up the festival with a tournament that lasts until the final day.
The tournament is what really matters, because the winner of said tournament gets...
All 18 Gym Badges.
MELIA: All 18 Gym Badges...?!
RISA: Yeah-huh. You get some other prizes too, but that's the main kicker.
You basically win a free trip to the Pokemon League.
Oh, but I have to get going. There are only so many spots.
Well, it was nice talking to you all.
And it was nice catching up, Rhodea. You too Huey.
I hope things go well with Rune.
HUEY: ...Yeah. I have faith.
RISA: You're so strong. You'll pull through.
KANON: Who is Rune?
RHODEA: We'll discuss that later. This isn't the appropriate time.
MELIA: Is the Grand Prize for the tournament really all 18 badges?
HUEY: Yep! It's been that way every year!
MELIA: Mmhm! It's decided!
MELIA: I want to join the tournament!
VENAM: Melia, you want to join the tournament?
MELIA: Yes, I do actually.
Aside from defeating Team Xen, I've always wanted to take on the Pokemon League challenge.
Don't forget that I was once supposed to be a Gym Leader.
RHODEA: I see... Well, it's not like we're in some extreme rush to defeat Team Xen.
Hell, why not. Join the tournament.
VENAM: If you're going to join, then I will too!
HUEY: Hey, hey! Don't forget me! I'll join too!
KANON: Sounds like fun, but I don't really have any Pokemon, so...
RHODEA: I'll let you borrow mine!
KANON: W-Wow, do you mean it?
RHODEA: Sure thing, hun! I have no interest in battling in a tournament, and my Pokemon are real kind.
KANON: W-Wow, thank you!
MELIA: What about you, \PN? Are you joining as well?
MELIA: I was hoping you'd say that!
Well then, let's go sign up! Risa said there were a limited amount of positions.
MELIA: Aw, really...?
I'm actually disappointed to hear you say that, but I guess it's fine...
RISA: Oh, you're all still here?
MELIA: Yeah, we've all decided to join the tournament ourselves!
MELIA: Yeah, everyone except \PN has decided to join the tournament as well.
RISA: Oh...
KANON: Is something wrong?
RISA: Well, I feel pretty bad, but...
I took the last position available. I barely made it myself.
MELIA: They're out of positions already?!
RHODEA: Well, it is the final day to register... I'm actually not surprised that all of the spots have been filled.
MELIA: Darn...
RISA: I am so sorry, you all.
There's always going to be a next year, though!
You all better be here when this time comes around again!
VENAM: ...Yeah, I guess.
RISA: Well, I gotta go. It's finals week at Axis High University.
If I don't get back in time to study, Jean will kill me...
RISA: See you all! Stay smiling!
BOY: Goodbye Risa!! We love you!!
GIRL: RISA!!! SIGN MY JIGGLYPUFF!!!
RISA: Goodbye everyone! Hope to see you all soon!
VENAM: Well that was disappointing.
MELIA: Tell me about it.
RHODEA: Don't fret. You'll have your chance.
Anyway, I want you all to meet in the Residential Disctrict.
It's not far from here. Just head south and then take a left.
Take your time. Like I said, we're not in any kind of rush.
MELIA: Thanks...
I wonder why Cassandra refuses to allow Beth to sell MooMoo Milk in town.
They must've had some sort of disagreement.
Yes
No
Rain.
Thunderstorm.
Snow.
More options.
Blizzard.
Sunny.
Windy.
Save this woman.
She must suffer.
Yes!
No thanks.
[Map195]
???: Hey you... Would you mind if we chatted for a little bit?
???: You've seen her haven't you? Rather, you've been acquainted with her for quite some time, no?
My name is Damien, and I'm looking for Alexandra.
DAMIEN: Considering that confused look, I'm going to assume you didn't know her real name was Alexandra?
Listen, I'm talking about a dark-skinned girl with very long hair.
She wears traditional Garufan clothing.
Surely you know who I'm talking about?
DAMIEN: I appreciate your honesty, \PN.
DAMIEN: Yes, I know your name. Your name has been going around lately.
DAMIEN: I'm really glad you told me the truth, because I've actually already seen you with her once.
You two were talking in front of a train earlier, no?
She ran away at the mere sight of my Latios.
\PN, if you happen to see her again... I want you to tell her that she's making a mistake.
She cannot protect her forever. Her existence will cause the end of humanity.
Who am I talking about you say? This girl has no name. Perhaps that's not even the truth at this point.
Maybe she's fooled herself into thinking she's a real person and named herself.
But no name can cover what she truly is... a monstrosity.
Don't let her fool you either \PN. Don't let her words coerce you.
If you do... then you're just as responsible.
DAMIEN: Sigh... So that's how this is going to go down?
I was really hoping you would be honest with me, \PN.
DAMIEN: I've already seen you two talk to each other once before, \PN.
Surely you remember her running away at the sight of my Latios, yes?
Not only am I very irritated by this game of chase, but I am also annoyed by your dishonesty.
Perhaps your intentions were good and you just thought of protecting a friend from a stranger?
But I'm only going to say this to you once. Alexandra is not your friend.
She is an enemy of humanity. Because of her the whole world is in danger.
Alexandra is hiding a very dangerous weapon. A weapon that has no name.
...Heh. Perhaps that part is no longer true at this point. Maybe she's pretending to be human and named herself.
The next time you see Alexandra... I want you to tell her that she's making a mistake.
She can't protect her forever. A time will come when she will need to be eliminated.
Hey, how about some fun?
That's not fun at all!
You're no fun!
"Residential Street".
AELITA: \PN!
AELITA: I thought you might be living here.
Uh, just to be sure... That was you in Nightmare City, right?
AELITA: Phew, thank goodness. I thought that really must've been a dream.
I mean, I guess it technically was a dream, but you know what I mean.
AELITA: The Puppet Master said you were living in the Dream District.
And this is literally the only residential building here, so I just put two and two together.
And if that were really you in the Nightmare world, then you must've been here sleeping.
I expected to be waiting out here for far longer, so this is good.
Anyway, could I ask you a big favor? Please come back with me!
I don't wanna go back home after I ran away. I feel safer with you.
You see, I have a friend named Erin... I mentioned her back in the Nightmare world.
I really don't think she'll be pleased with me when she finds me again...\|
AELITA: Thank you so much, \PN. This means a lot to me.
AELITA: Wait, you already know Erin? She's been staying with you guys?!
Then you must already know her personality. You know why I can't go back to that alone!
If I put her through all this trouble, she'll definitely have my head on a stake.
AELITA: \PN, I'm literally begging you. Don't make me force you.
No, sorry, that's not right. I shouldn't say such things. Forgive me.
Regardless, I'll be waiting at the train station. Please, don't take long.
Sigh, waiting for my wife to come home from work is saddening.
I've been waiting here since I woke up!
PETILIL: Peti?
"Residential Street Station".
Do you want to use the Weather Board for 575$?
Which weather phenomenon do you want to request?
Rain selected.
Thunderstorm selected.
Snow selected.
Sunny selected.
Wind selected.
Insufficient funds.
I heard it's about to be finals week at Axis High University.
If you fail even one of your exams, you'll be expelled immediately.
That's how serious that school can be!
Most of the residents live in the Dream Complex north of here.
I don't want to sound like a stickler, but isn't it a little dangerous to do that...?
You know, stick a large population of people in one area.
Shh... I can't hear them if you talk to me...
Locked.
VENAM: Is that Lavender?
VENAM: What the...? Where could she be going at this time?!
Hmph...
"Residential Park".
I've been having a ton of nightmares lately ever since I visited that woman's shop...
Oh, don't worry about me. I'm just spewing nonsense.
Huh? You said you want to know how I get nightmares?
Why would you want to know how I get nightmares?
Blargh, whatever, I'll tell you anyway.
Ever since I bought this medallion from this woman's shop, I've been getting nightmares.
I believe her shop was near PokeStar Studios. I think it was down some alleyway or something.
Ugh... I should probably throw away this medallion, but it looks so cool...
If you squint really hard you can see the District of Hope in the distance!
I want to go to Sheridan Village one day.
I heard its tradition and affinity for nature is to die for!
Uh... Yeah.
No clue.
That was me.
How did you find me?
I'll go with you.
I know Erin.
Maybe...
Yes
No
Rain.
Thunderstorm.
Snow.
More options.
Blizzard.
Sunny.
Windy.
[Map196]
\PN took the key marked 2F and opened the door!
Locked.
The door won't open...
VENUS: Yay! Challenger time!
VENUS: I, Venus, the 3rd member of the Culvier Clan accept your challenge!
You may find my Pokemon to look weak, but that's not the case~...
Tell them, Peggy!
PEGGY: ...
VENUS: She has such a way with words...\| Anyway, let's go!
Peggy, get the gun.
VENUS: I'm just kidding! I would never hurt you!
But damn did you hurt my feelings by beating me! Not cool!
You know what is cool though?
Shing! Sparkle, sparkle!
VENUS: Peggy, we're going to have to change our battle strategy from here on out.
You know what? Since we're changing things up, why don't you take this as well?
VENUS: Now you'll be able to party just like Venus and Peggy did! Yay!
VENUS: Peggy and I are going to work on becoming the better, isn't that right, Peggy?!
VENUS: Oh Peggy... Modest as always.
\PN took the key marked 1D and opened the door!
\PN found a door key! It's listed 1C.
\PN took the key marked 2D and opened the door!
\PN found a door key! It's listed 2F.
\PN found a door key! It's listed 2C.
\PN took the key marked 1F and opened the door!
"Apartment 2A."
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
\PN found a door key! It's listed 1F.
"Apartment 1A."
\PN took the key marked 2C and opened the door!
"Apartment 2D."
"Apartment 1C."
"Apartment 2E."
\PN found a door key! It's listed 1D.
"Apartment 2F."
"Apartment 1D."
"Apartment 1E."
\PN found a door key! It's listed 2D.
???: Oh my...! My first customer!
???: Peggy, please get our guests some drinks, would you?
???: Oh Peggy, you're such a kidder. Hahahaha.\| I wish I had friends.
Anyway, welcome! I am Venus! The 3rd member of the Culvier Clan!
I found this empty apartment and decided to do a little remodel here and there.
It was a small project, but then it turned into a big one!
Next thing I know, Peggy shows up and asks to volunteer!
Isn't that right, Peggy?
VENUS: Don't mind her. She's kind of shy. She can actually hold a conversation quite well!
Anyway, I've been itching for a challenge. So if you're up for that, please talk to me!
\PN took the key marked 1C and opened the door!
"Apartment 1F."
[Map197]
I wonder what would be here if Grand Dream City was never constructed?
Maybe it would be just a regular 'ol route?
"Tourist Locations present here: Toybox. Mika's Caf".
Hey you! We're going to battle right now and that's that!
Argh, I didn't want to lose to you!
Dang, you're strong. Did you know that?
It's been an excruciatingly long work day.
I want to go home, but I can't help but visit Mika's Coffee...
This leads to some difficulties sleeping at night, but I think it may be worth it in the end?
The Art Exhibit here in Grand Dream City has this old family portrait on display.
No one knows who they are, but apparently it was found in an old house at the Zorrialyn Desert.
It's also said that the house was one of the only things that survived the catastrophe several decades ago.
It's strange how being in a specific area can determine whether or not you survive.
No one has successfully completed the League in quite some time...
I don't even think it's because the league becomes difficult.
I think it's because the Champion is nowhere to be found half the time.
BOY: Did you hear about what happened to Talon?
GIRL: Yeah, I heard he was turned to stone at Amber Park at night.
BOY: Now that you mention it...Most of these cases seem to happen sometime at night, right?
GIRL: Yeah...Is it even safe to be out here right now?
Rhodea and the others are waiting for you at Mika's Caf!
Mika's coffee is absolutely delightful.
The taste of this coffee sends an invigorating chill down my spine.
Mommy said that Grand Dream City is the perfect city for anyone looking for happiness.
I want happiness... Does this mean I should stay here forever and ever and ever?
What do you think?
MINUN: Mi! Mi!
The water you see over this wall is the actual sea.
The dome was built over the sea, you see.
When you come to Grand Dream City you have to have some of Mika's Coffee!
There's just no other viable option!
PLUSLE: Piy! Piy!
You know, I don't think I've ever seen anything come from this place.
What's the purpose of it?
I say we knock it down in favor of a new shopping mall!
I've gotten 15 badges so far...but I can't find the other Gym Leaders...
This is where becoming a trainer in Aevium becomes difficult.
The Dark-Type Gym Leader is always busy and refuses to battle anyone.
The Fairy-Type Gym Leader has stepped down and now there's no replacement...
The Ground Gym Leader lives in the Badlands and that place is...
Sigh...
Different things happen at different times of the day.
If you look around carefully, you may find something nice!
I heard that there are some thugs protecting a TM down some alley in the city at night.
I wonder what TM it is?
LANA: Please... go away. You're... frightening me...
It looks like she's having a nightmare.
Oh...! Is that the Diamond Punch Badge?
I'm originally from Sheridan Village.
Seeing that Badge just... brings back memories, I suppose.
"Building: Toybox.\nCreation: Unknown. Purpose: Unknown."
Why did you come to Grand Dream City?
Everyone has their own reason for coming here.
Why did I come to Grand Dream City?
To drink Mika's coffee of course!
Risa Raider is one impressive person! She does it all, and more!
I heard she's also head cheerleader, homecoming queen and part-time model.
LANA: Ah... You look familiar to me. Have we met before?
LANA: Truly? Ah, well, there's always a time for meetings, correct?
LANA: Ah... I remember very clearly now. You saved me from that dastardly Sableye.
I must thank you for doing that.
I've been having terrible dreams ever since I've been in this city.
LANA: What's that? Ayuna said we have to get back so that we can practice?
I suppose she's right... The festival is only a few days away, is it not?
All right... I guess I'll be on my way then.
Nope.
Hah, in your dreams!
[Map198]
VENAM: I need more nutrients... Please, feed me an Oran Berry...
REN: At this point I feel like you're doing this just to be annoying.
VENAM: Annoying? What are you talking about...
???: Venam, I'm trying to focus here. Could you quiet down a bit?
VENAM: Yeah, I know, but...
I'm soooo bored right now. Are you done fiddling with that computer yet?
???: Unfortunately, that's a super negative. I can't pinpoint the source of the error.
It's hopeless... I'll never figure it out. Maybe I should just-
???: Oh! Have we met before? You look familiar.
REN: Huh? Have you met \PN already?
\PN, this is Melia. The Professor's daughter.
MELIA: Oh yeah! You're the one I bumped into on my way out of the lab.
I was on my way to the forest, but the Railnet was closed due to some power failures.
VENAM: Welp, trip's cancelled. Let's go back home and do nothing.
MELIA: Aw, that's a shame, but I guess I can always go tomorrow.
As long as we're here, we should check up on our experiment!
REN: Do you mean those trash bags you left lying around?
MELIA: Yep! It's been a few days so we should check it out.
Ren, could you explain to \PN what we're talking about?
REN: Oh yeah, sure. \PN, Melia was trying to see if the rumors about Trubbish and Garbodor are true.
If you leave trash in filth for a few days, there's a chance it will mutate into Pokemon!
VENAM: Yeah, but that's not all we're testing!
We're here to put Melia's hidden ability to the test!
MELIA: Venam, I don't have any hidden abilities...
Stop saying things that are just not true.
VENAM: You have a bunch of Shiny Pokemon. No one else has this luck.
It's a hidden ability and that's that.
MELIA: Sigh... I'm sure the experiment will be a failure anyway.
There's no way trash bags can mutate into Pokemon in the first place.
VENAM: Then just check already! Where are the trash bags?
MELIA: Are they not around here? That's strange...
GARBODOR: Garb???
MELIA: No way, is that a Garbodor? It's eating the wiring!
I bet they're the reason the power's been all over the place!
REN: Wait, the color of that Garbodor is strange, isn't it?
Garbodors are usually green, but this one is purple!
VENAM: It's shiny! Just like I said it would be!
Where are the two trash bags I placed, though?
VENAM: There they are!
MELIA: Where did the Garbodor go?
MELIA: Oh...
GARBODOR: Garbbbb!!!!!
REN: Don't worry Melia, \PN and I will take care of this!
REN: We'll take care of this, Melia. Just leave it to us!
MELIA: R-Right, sorry about this.
GARBODOR: Garbbb Garboodoooooorrr!!!!!
Garbor...
GARBODOR: Garbbb....
VENAM: You're mine!
VENAM: Easy.
REN: You two should go on and think about what you've done.
You can't just attack people because you want to.
MELIA: Thanks, Ren, and \PN was it?
You guys have nice synergy together, did you know that?
Anyway, we weren't in any real danger to begin with.
REN: Huh? Why's that?
MELIA: Well, that's because we have this!
VENAM: Wow!
...What is it?
MELIA: It's a briefcase.
My father gave it to me right before I left.
I opened it earlier and it just holds things like Potions and stuff like that.
But my father told me to enter a secret code if things got really bad out here.
If things got bad, all I would have to do is enter that code and then we would be safe.
At least, I think we would be.
REN: Uh, okay then.
MELIA: In any case, we found the source of our power problems.
Some engineers should be here soon to fix the broken pipes and wiring around the grid.
Things should be going back to normal in no time at all!
VENAM: I'm going to stay here and supervise I guess.
It's not like I can go back home anyway. Got kicked out again, you see.
MELIA: Have fun with that, I guess.
You're a new trainer, right \PN? Would you like to accompany me to Goldenwood Forest?
It's a place a lot of newbie trainers go to practice their skills and become stronger.
I'm going there for some research, but you could probably benefit from the trip as well!
If you are interested, meet me on Route 1. You can get there by taking the North Railnet.
I'll be on my way now.
REN: Well \PN. I gotta run as well. Let's get out of here.
I'll keep an eye on the repairs. You go on and meet Melia down by Route 1.
[Map199]
AIPOM: Apo?
AMBIPOM: Ambipo?
Hey, you look strong! You should battle me!
Wow, you're really strong!
You're so cool!
Hello and welcome to Kecleon's shop!
KECLEON: ...What's going on here?
Anyway...
I came out all the way here to paint the lovely trees that adorn this Route.
Not only that, but I wish to paint my three favorite Pokemon!
My three favorite Pokemon are Cherrim, Magcargo, and Toxtricity!
If you bring me a Cherrim, I will reward you greatly!
Have you come to show me a Cherrim?
Aha! That is a Cherrim, is it not?
If you would just let me borrow Cherrim to paint for just a moment, I'll greatly appreciate it!
Magnifique! It turned out so well!
I must thank you for helping me out! Please take this!
I would love to paint Magcargo next! Please bring me a Magcargo!
Huh? You don't seem to have a Cherrim with you at this time...
Do not tease an artist! My heart is broken!
Ah... but it is understandable.
Have you come to show me a Magcargo?
Aha! That is a Magcargo, is it not?
If you would just let me borrow Magcargo to paint for just a moment, I'll greatly appreciate it!
I would love to paint Toxtricity next! Please bring me a Toxtricity!
Huh? You don't seem to have a Magcargo with you at this time...
Have you come to show me an Toxtricity?
Aha! That is a Toxtricity, is it not?
If you would just let me borrow Toxtricity to paint for just a moment, I'll greatly appreciate it!
You brought all three Pokemon to me!
I am so happy that I could sing!
Please take this as well!
Thank you so much for your efforts!
Huh? You don't seem to have a Toxtricity with you at this time...
Thank you so much for showing me my three favorite Pokemon!
Perhaps one day my art will be showcased somewhere in Grand Dream City!
I bought 6 special Magikarp online! They know a move they can't normally learn!
I don't know if it's just me, but I think I got ripped off.
Man, I was dumb enough to buy a stupid rip off like this?
Clearly I need to just fish for my own things more. You can't trust anyone else!
But I'm not so sure about this location...
If you ever find a better spot for me, let me know!
Goldenwood Forest you say? Huh... I've never considered that place.
Alright you know what? I'll go!
"Welcome to Route 2: Cherry Blossom Road!"
Sorry to trouble you, but would you care for a battle?
Darn... I don't think I'm cut out for this.
I need to train a bit better, it seems...
CHASITY: \PN... Please help Venam! She may be walking into something far too dangerous!
Please help her in any way you can...
CHASITY: \PN! I'm so glad to see you!
I don't know if you've heard, but East Gearen City isn't doing too hot right now.
These weird trees started appearing and they're blocking off parts of the city!
I came to Route 2 for safety, but Venam went to go check what was going on...
She's been having a rough time ever since... Well, you know. I don't have to repeat it.
I'm afraid she'll do something rash and get herself hurt.
Please, \PN... Help her if you can!
REN: Venam, slow down! \PN is going to get left behind!
VENAM: Amethyst Cave is just ahead! They won't get lost!
I was having a good day until you walked right in front of me!
What's your problem anyway? I just wanted to relax today!
This entire day is ruined because of you!
OFFICER: Perhaps the end of times is upon us finally...
Huh? Oh, don't mind me...
WHIMSICOTT: Whimsica!
MEGANIUM: Megama!
OFFICER: I would not advise taking the train to East Gearen City at this moment.
I left the oven on at my apartment... Oh no...
???: ...
I'm on my way to Sheridan Village, but then I learned I had to go through a cave.
I think I made a mistake...
Perhaps I'll actually just stay here.
LADY: How I long to meet a worthy trainer...
Oh dear! You've obtained 5 badges? In a region like this even...
Trainer, I would like to experience what it's like to raise a different Pokemon.
Would you mind trading a wild Spinda for my Chikorita?
LADY: I understand.
Thank you! Let's get started!
\PN traded Spinda for Chikorita!
LADY: Thank you so much! Please take care of my Chikorita!
LADY: Ah, well, I've seen one before so I'll just check my Pokedex...
It looks like Spinda can be found on Route 5, over on Terajuma Island. Did you know they're said to have an almost infinite number of spot patterns?
I'm sorry, but you have yet to even truly begin your journey.
Please come back when you've retrieved more badges.
AELITA: You ready to head over to East Gearen City?
AELITA: Okay, let's board...
JEFF: Jeez Henrietta, give me a break...
I don't know the history behind it, but apparently this Route is close to Sheridan.
I don't mean close as in distance, either. Someone up there must really love this route.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
GRUNT: I'll take this.
KECLEON: That item will be 50,000!
GRUNT: Screw off.
KECLEON: Stop! Thief!
GRUNT: Arghhhh!!!
KECLEON: That'll teach 'em!
Do you still want to pick up this item...? If you don't pay for it there will be consequences.
A few hours later...
Thank you for your patronage!
GRUNT: What? What are you looking at me for?
Are you insinuating I had something to do with all of this?
Heck no. I'm a leftover Grunt from that raid Madelis put on.
Even though I'm evil, I deserve to be part of the evacuation too, yeah?
HENRIETTA: Stop! You're a new trainer, right? Is that right?
How would you like to be part of our new program called "Trainer Tracker"?
All we gotta do is battle. Simple, yeh?
Then how 'bout it? C'mon, it'll be fun!
What a scoop!
HENRIETTA: Whoa, I didn't expect to do well, but I didn't expect to just flat out lose like that either!
You gave us a lot of nice footage, kid. What's your name?
...
\PN? Man, you're gonna go places, \PN.
HENRIETTA: Hm... That it? I guess we got the footage we needed, but it's kinda lame.
Thanks anyway.
HENRIETTA: Thanks a ton, \PN! We got some great footage from that battle!
HENRIETTA: Maybe we'll get actual good footage one day, right Jeff?
JEFF: Eh, doesn't sound likely.
KECLEON: ...
DITTO: Ditto!
Ditto headed north!
KECLEON: I'm just going to pretend that never happened.
"Amethyst Cave"
Just an ordinary tree doing ordinary tree things like photosynthesis.
PHOTOSYNTHESIS..... PHOTOSYNTHESIS...
What? Why are you bothering a tree?
...You don't have any weird... interests with trees, right?
Goddamnit! I'm a goddamn tree for christ's sake! Can you stop touching me!
BAH, SCREW IT ALL.
???: Man, you just don't give up!
It's only 2,000$, like, come on...
You'll make four times that in a few days!
Ugh, whatever! Time to go again. Teleport!
I saw a rare Pokemon past this bridge! I want to study it for my research!
Sorry, but I won't allow you to come this way!
W-Wait, those notes you have! They're about the Pokemon I'm studying!
With these notes, I won't have to stay out here anymore!
I don't really like being outside, so these notes are perfect!
Will you give them to me?
Marvelous! Now I can get out of here! Thank you!
Well forget you then!
It's an item Kecleon has layed out!
Your party has been healed!
GRUNT: ...
When can we go back to East Gearen? That place was my home.
Yes
No
Where can I find one?
Buy
Guess again, nerd!
[Map200]
NARCISSA: Chandelure? Chandy, please come back! Momma is here for you!
NARCISSA: I've been calling and calling, but it won't respond to me.
Is it really not here?\| I always tell it to come back here if we ever get separated.
NARCISSA: \PN, at the Lost Tower, I told you that I lost my old Chandelure to this beast.
She's buried here, at this old graveyard.
A grave that existed here long before the calamity.
On the anniversary of my old Chandelure's death, I visit her grave here.
The Chandelure I have now was a gift from my husband, Sirius.
Sigh... What am I going to do now? Where do I go from here?
NARCISSA: You want me to go to Phasial Cave? Wh-Why would you want me to go there?
NARCISSA: So. If I have this right...\| You're saying that I was actually sent back in time.
And as a replacement, a younger version of myself was brought here?
Hmph.
I'd like to laugh, but after what happened to me, I can't exactly say that's inconceivable.
If that being is powerful enough to pull something off like that, then..
And I suppose that's where my other self is? Phasial Cave?
That would make sense after all. Fair enough, I shall make my way there immediately.
Shall we go together?
NARCISSA: Very well. I'll be on my way then.
The text is unreadable.
It's a broken tombstone. There seems to be an indent on top of it that's meant for a candle.
Place the Cursed Candle?
The candle sunk into the tombstone!
You decided not to.
You'll have to leave it alone for now.
GRUNT: \PN! There you are! You disappeared back there with the Rift...
I didn't know what to do so I came out here to my mother's grave.
She was a good woman. Always did what was best for me.
I hope she's proud of me. Despite my mistakes.
Listen, \PN... My name is Manny. I'm really appreciative of your help.
I know Team Xen has caused you a bunch of problems in the past, but we're not bad people.
I've made a lot of friends during my time here, and I'm thankful for it.
This is one of my last few things I have. I won't be needing them.
MANNY: Thanks, \PN...For everything...
"Here lies Larissa."\n1960-2010
"Rest in peace, Vivian."
"Rest in peace, my darling Chandelure.
Mommy misses you very much. I will love you always".
-Narcissa.
"Rest in peace, Taelia."
"Rest in peace, Eli".
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map201]
LITWICK: Liliwi?
*Litwick is sending you messages to your brain*
LITWICK: Oh...? Did you defeat that thing back there?
That was actually my own mom...
I was born without my mother's trainer knowing, so I'm basically alone here forever.
Are you a trainer?
Do you mind if you take me with you?
LITWICK: T-Thank you! I won't let you down!
LITWICK: Oh... I see... I understand.
Yes
No
[Map202]
This new Sensei guy invited Goldenleaf peeps to the party!
It's been a while since I've left Goldenleaf, so this is all new to me!
Your aura is sickening. Sit down and eat some Cheezos or something.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
Did you know that Texen has a lot of money? Teehee...
Locked.
CERA: ...
A very... different place to where we're used to.
DEBORAH: So sinful.
It's a shame the youth of this world would so willingly defile their souls with such debauchery.
CERA: That girl with the purple hair spoke about something that could melt NeverMelt-Ice...
If such a thing exists, then we must get a hold of it and free Angie from her prison.
Come, we shall be victorious.
Hoo-hoo... You aren't winning, child. Feel my wrath.
It's a brochure for a region far away.
There's a picture of a house called the "Fiore Mansion" sitting comfortably by a cascade.
There's also a slightly frustrated woman with red hair sitting on a couch.
She doesn't look too amused about the camera taking unexpected pictures of her...
Hey, didn't I see you in Goldenleaf Town a few months back?
Well, anyway, I'm going to enjoy this party now.
This is pretty chill ain't it?
I heard that Texen guy came from Axis University.
It's one of the top schools in the entire world. Only really talented kids get in.
TROUPE: Welcome~! Welcome~!
Bahaha, go gramps, go!!
Stop being so salty and admit defeat, idiot.
Oh come on... That should not have hit me.
I was, like, three billion miles away from that hitbox.
AELITA: Excuse me, are you Texen?
GIRL: Omigosh, "excuse me"?
Didn't know we were staying at Hotel Richissime, Texen.
TEXEN: Crazy, right?
Listen, if you want an autograph you're gonna have to wait until the party's over.
AELITA: Autograph?? I don't want your autograph.
I want you to stop the music and get serious!
If you're going to be the new Sensei, then you're going to have to act like it!
TEXEN: Hm... How about you sit down on my lap real quick and I'll think about it.
AELITA: How about I drop kick you at mach-9 first.
GIRL: You're talking to Risa Raider's brother! You better watch your mouth!
TEXEN: My sister has nothing to do with me. Got it?
GIRL: S-Sorry, Texen.
TEXEN: Listen, toots. I only became Gym Leader for money, girls, and awesome parties.
So unless you're interested in any of that you should just leave.
AELITA: This was MY home you remodeled! The past Sensei of this village was MY DAD.
You have no authority on me whatsoever!
TEXEN: Doesn't matter who you were. Like you said, it's in the past!
AELITA: There's no point in talking to you anymore.
You're just some washed up kid who got this place because he had money.
\PN, let's go to Carotos.
TEXEN: Hm... You mean the mountain behind this house that I now own?
Both of you are banned.
AELITA: B-Banned?! What do you mean, "banned"?!
TEXEN: It means I forbid either of you from entering Carotos Mountain.
And that's generous. If I wanted, I could ban both of you from Sheridan completely.
AELITA: There's no way \PN and I are following your stupid rules!
You think you're something?? You just became the Sensei a day ago or something!
TEXEN: So what? The moment I became Sensei it was anything I say, goes!
AELITA: Yeah, anything goes... directly in the trash.
Just what kind of talentless creep are you?!
TEXEN: Talentless?! People at least know who I am!
You're just some random bitch from the forest!
You have no right to act all high and mighty!
\sh\c[7]I AM ALPHA!
AELITA: That's it, I've had it with this guy, \PN.
I challenge you to a battle! If I win, all bans on us will be lifted permanently.
TEXEN: And if YOU lose, you're banned from Sheridan forever!
And you know what? To give you an edge, I'll let you and your friend battle me at the same time.
AELITA: A 2v1?
TEXEN: That's right. Three on your side, and three on \PN's side.
How's that?
AELITA: You got a deal, punk!
TEXEN: Heh, alright then. Meet me in the arena.
It's upstairs. Don't keep me waiting.
\sh\c[7]AELITA: GOD I HATE HIM!
He's a disgrace to the entire Sheridan Culture!
If he wants to be the Sensei, then he's gotta act like it!
Let's go beat his face in, \PN!
RORIMB: Darling, welcome to the party! We're graced here by your presence!
I came to this party for the snacks, and the snacks only.
There are no exceptions. I will consume all of them.
Whaaat?? How are you beating me? Are you cheating?
TROUPE: I feel the love flowing through my veins!
Texen is super hot, and you're super not.
Texen is super hot, but he's also super scary sometimes...
REFEREE: Gonna have to ask you to choose three Pokemon before moving on.
REFREREE: Get serious about this and come back.
REFEREE: Ladies and Gentlemen! Welcome to the very first battle of the new Sheridan Gym!
I will be your referee tonight! The name's Felicia and I'm from Goldenleaf Town!
Thank you all for being here! Make some noise!
REFEREE: Today we have a very special battle between two opponents!
\PN from who-knows-where, and Aelita from Sheridan???
REFEREE: And on home turf we have our very own, Texen!
REFEREE: This will be a 6v6 on both sides!
Have a fair and fun fight! Show us what you got!
TEXEN: You losers got nothin' on me!
I'll blow you guys so far back you'll need three plane tickets before you even get close to me again.
AELITA: You get your insults the same place you get hair style ideas.
On the back of some stupid candy wrapper.
\sh\c[7]TEXEN: DON'T DISS THE DO!!
GET WRECKED!
Wait, this can't be right!
REFEREE: Oh...
And that's it!
\PN and Aelita have defeated Texen!
AELITA: Hah, and that's that, Texen. I knew we would win.
TEXEN: Shut it... It was 2v1, you guys only won because <i>you</i> were at an unfair advantage.
A few of those attacks almost hit me too! You guys should be disqualified for cheating!
AELITA: So you're bad at battling, and you're a sore loser? Yikes.
AELITA: What was that??
TEXEN: How am I supposed to know? Didn't you live here?
AELITA: Yeah, before you tore this place apart and--
AELITA: M-Magma?!
TEXEN: Wh-What's going on?! Why is my Gym filling up with magma?!
AELITA: Our battle must've opened up a pocket of magma and now it's flowing inside of the Gym!
Is this Gym built inside of Carotos?!
\sh\c[7]TEXEN: HOW SHOULD I KNOW? I DIDN'T BUILD IT!
\sh\c[7]EVERYONE RUN! THIS PLACE IS GONNA GO UP IN FLAMES!!!
TEXEN: Everyone come back! Help me put out the magma!!
AELITA: If we're inside of the mountain right now...
AELITA: Lucario, use Aura Sphere!
LUCARIO: Caio!
AELITA: C'mon \PN!
TEXEN: What do you think you're doing?!
Now you're just destroying my house?!
AELITA: ...Have you taken a look at your Gym?
I think you have other things to worry about!
TEXEN: You bit-
TEXEN: H...
\sh\c[7]HOT!!!
AELITA: Uh... Have fun with that!
\sh\c[7]TEXEN: MY BEAUTIFUL HAIR!!
Hey you. Yeah, you. Remember me? That guy you busted at Oceana Pier?
Listen, I'm not doin' any of dat anymore. Just enjoying the party, kay?
TEXEN: C'mon babe... Why'd you gotta treat me like that?
GIRL: Eugh...
TEXEN: Aw... Don't tell me you're bored? After that party?
GIRL: The party was fine, Texen, but like... How about doing something else for a change?
I mean, you haven't done a single thing since we got here and all the villagers are starting to become reclusive.
TEXEN: So? Who cares about this shitty little village anyway?
What do you want me to do? Go out there and say something?
GIRL: How about you do your job? You know, the thing you were put in charge of?
TEXEN: Nah, they're just gonna have to deal with it. My village, my rules.
GIRL: Ugh, maybe that girl from before was right. You ARE disgusting.
Girl, let's get outta here. I miss Grand Dream City anyways.
TEXEN: What? You mean Aelita?\| Babes come back!
That girl doesn't know what she's saying half the damn time!
Agh...
TEXEN: Goddamn that Aelita... Even when she's not here she pisses me off!
"Ohhh Texen, you're the leader, you're supposed to be helping us!"
"Ohhh Texen, Keta would've done this for me...!"
Well it's a goddamn shame he's dead, amirite? This is my town now.
Eheh... And not anything anyone can do about it.
No challengers, no problems!
???:\| I'll challenge you.
TEXEN: What the? What are you doing in my-
Whoa...
TEXEN: Now what's a babe like you doing here? You must've gotten lost.
But don't worry about a thing. Texen is here to help you out.
TAELIA: I'll be waiting outside.
TEXEN: What? You wanna battle? We can do that afterwards!
TEXEN: Hold on!
So this guy is our new Sensei?
This beat? This party? This music?
I can dig it.
Nice clothes. Got them on layaway?
AELITA: My home...
\sh\c[7]What is going on here?!
GIRL: Um, I'm gonna be real honest with you right now.
You just came in with the most atrocious vibes and it's killing the mood.
You should, like, leave and get that checked before coming in.
AELITA: ...
You're gonna be the one to check these vibes if you don't back off.
AELITA: Texen's gotta be around here somewhere...
I'm gonna find him, and...
...
So this is what Axis High parties are like? I can groove with this beat.
Yes
No
[Map203]
Being a live action actor sure is difficult. But I know it'll put smiles on people's faces!
I just love to visit the movies. Seeing stories come to life right before you is amazing.
CAMERAMAN: Please don't interrupt me! I'm filming something!
Our productions are top notch. We don't release anything unless we're 100% satisfied with it!
CLERK: Welcome to the PokeStar Studios Office!
Unfortunately, if you're not working on a movie, you won't be able to go further than the lobby.
DYRE: Ah, \PN! I've been waiting for you!
Seeing that you're here, I guess you're serious about this then?
Good! Here's the situation.
The other day an anonymous person broke into PokeStar Studios.
But instead of taking anything, they just left a fully written script on my desk.
I was reading it through it and I couldn't help but be captivated by the story.
At the end of the script there was a note, it read...
"Please make my movie or I'll probably cry." - Z.
I have no idea who this "Z" person is, but that's besides the point.
This is where you come in! You have friends right?
DYRE: Magnifico! Good, I'll need you to gather your friends and bring them here.
DYRE: Fine, maybe they aren't friends, but you know them, right?
Gather them up and bring them here, mmk?
Don't question my methods, just go and do that!!
\PN went out and gathered a few people...
DYRE: Ah, so you did come around then? Let's get the show on the road!
DYRE: Alright, everything's all set!
What I have to show you is just through here.
CAMERAWOMAN: Huh? Is there something you need? If not, please leave me alone.
CLERK: Ah, you are \PN? Dyre is expecting you.
Please come this way.
CLERK: Sorry, only crew members and actors are allowed past this point.
CLERK: Welcome to the PokeStar Studios theatre!
We don't have any current showings, sorry!
We see everything through the monitor on the wall here.
Through it, we can see the effects produced by the green screen as well.
A beautiful love story about a lonely Pokemon falling in love with a bridge...
A story about betrayal, jealousy, romance, and bird poop. Lots and lots of bird poop.
DYRE: So beautiful, the ending makes me cry every time...
So, \PN, what did you think of it?
DYRE: Only "good"? That's not "good" enough for me!
That movie was excellent. You may not like it, but that's peak cinematography!
DYRE: Perfection, my dear \PN. Perfection.
If you can't realize that then I'm already second guessing myself, but...
Listen, the reason I showed this to you is because I believe you have what it takes to be a director!
...And I want you to help me. A movie on this scale is an impossible feat to pull off.
So what do you say? Want to help me out?
DYRE: Perfect! This will be great! Please visit me at my office. It's west of the theatre.
I'll speak to you about it more there.
DYRE: Oh don't be like that. Make a movie with me!
Oh, I'm not actually a construction worker. I'm just in costume, haha!
If you had me build anything, I don't think it would be very stable...
Locked.
ERIN: Why'd you bring us all the way here, \PN?
I was in the middle of relaxing after, you know, getting blasted.
MELIA: I'm surprised they let us into this back room. I thought it was mostly for actors and crew members.
VENAM: Maybe we'll be able to star in our own movie?
DYRE: Yes, that's correct!
DYRE: I had \PN bring you all here today because I want you all to star in my movie!
MELIA: What?!\| Are you being serious?
DYRE: If that's what you want, that is. This movie will require experienced trainers for it to be successful.
ERIN: I guess it could be fun.\| Sure, why not?
DYRE: Great, but uh... I was hoping you had more friends than this.
I still need one male, and one female.
ERIN: We have two more people coming. Coincidentally, they are male and female respectively.
AELITA: We're here!
REN: What do you need us for?
MELIA: We get to star in a movie, Ren! Isn't that awesome?
REN: A m-movie...? But I'm not really an actor...
AELITA: I'm not either, but it could be really fun anyway, right?
DYRE: See? The lass with the pointy hair gets it!
This is a one in a lifetime opportunity, you cannot say no! You just cannot!
This deal with pay quite a large amount of money as well.
You'll all be rolling in dough. Just you wait.
REN: That's great and all, but we don't really care about money.
DYRE: Wha...? What group of kids don't care about money?
AELITA: Us!
ERIN: I'm kind of minimalistic anyway.
MELIA: I just sort of carry around the bare minimum of what I need and pray it's enough.
VENAM: I mean... Money would be nice. Just give me their share.
DYRE: Done, you're the main character of the movie.
VENAM: Me?! Main character? Look dude, I'll be happy with a side role, really!
DYRE: My mind is already made up. You have the face I need to fill the slot.
Now, now that we've all agreed (sort of!) to be in this movie, let me explain!
DYRE: This is what my talented artists have created as a cover for the movie!
The movie is called \c[6] Xenogene | Spilcer's Rampage.
VENAM: Sounds familiar, but I can't exactly put my finger on it...
DYRE: F-Familiar? Don't say such nonsense. This is original work from our studio.
DYRE: Great, now that that's settled, we shall begin shooting immediately.
MELIA: Immediately?! We don't even have our lines, or anything!
DYRE: Hm...? I guess that's right. Fine, I'll have them mailed to you at once.
They should arrive momentarily.\| Go home!\| Study your lines!
And we'll meet back here tomorrow at 7 am sharp, how's that sound?
VENAM: Can we make it at least 10? I'm not really a morning person.
ERIN: We'll be here. Just make sure you are too.
DYRE: Yes, yes, whatever! Now, go!
MELIA: C'mon guys. Let's go back to the apartment and wait for our scripts to arrive!
Head back home?
DYRE: Over here-- Oh, uh, I guess I never really asked for your name.
DYRE: \PN is it? Magnifico! A name chosen by the movie Gods.
Which is me, of course. Bwahaha. Okay, no... I'm just joking don't look at me like that.
Have you seen any of my movies?
DYRE: Ahah, then you already know of my brilliance then?
Still, I'd like to show you one of my favorite ones to give you more a look into my expertise.
DYRE: No need to be coy... I won't hold it against you!
But this is good... It means I can show you my expertise first-hand.
Please enjoy this clip.
DYRE: Oh, it's about to begin!
I know a few people.
Eh.
It was good.
What did I just watch?
Sure why not
No
Yes
What's a movie?
[Map204]
???: Hey, what's that you got there? Can I take a look?
Yeah, I had a feeling it was just a Pokedex. I love that!
I'm Zumi. I'm a digital artist. I also work with Jan down at the Gearen Lab.
Say, would you be interested in doing a little job for me?
Promise that it'll pay well!
ZUMI: Awesome, this'll be a long-term project if that's alright?
There's a Pokemon on Route 2 that's super duper rare.
It's called Dedenne. It only appears during the daytime.
If you can catch one and show me its Pokedex entry, I'll be happy!
Aw, you're lame!
ZUMI: Ah, that's Dedenne! Awesome. I'll just take a few pictures and log down the data...
ZUMI: Hey, thanks!
As for your payment, how about we work with this?
\PN got the advanced Pokedex!
ZUMI: That there is an upgrade to your Pokedex.
It'll show you tons more information about your Pokemon! Like, Movesets and stuff!
Listen, I know it's a lackluster reward when the internet is at our fingertips...
But I said this was a long-term project, right? It'll make more sense later.
Anyway, I'll just let you know your next assignment.
Have you ever been to the Goldenleaf area?
Bit of a rough area, but I hear you can find Drifloon there!
Pretty rare, but if you can find one I'll make it worth your while~!
ZUMI: Huh? I need you to find and capture a Dedenne. It's on Route 2 during the day.
ZUMI: Oh man, that's a Drifloon alright! Creepy little brat.
ZUMI: Kay. That's well and done...
Here, take this as a reward for your efforts!
ZUMI: Alrighty, your next target will be Pyukumuku!
Pyukumuku is native to Terajuma, so it'll be a bit of a trek, but...
Thanks!
ZUMI: Here's the thing. I don't actually have your next target quite yet.
You do your thing for a little while and come back later, yeah?
ZUMI: The Goldenleaf Region has a rare Pokemon called Drifloon.
It'll be tricky to find one, but you can do it!
ZUMI: Spicy! That's Pyukumuku alright. You know the deal.
ZUMI: Dank you!! Please take these.
Alrighty, this one's gonna be a bit of a doozy....
Your next target is Mareep! It's one of my favorite lines ever!
There are lighthouses all around Terajuma that use Ampharos to power them, so finding a mareep can't be too hard, right?
ZUMI: Pyukumuku can commonly be found on Terajuma, but they're rare on Floria Island.
\sh\c[7]ZUMI: Aaah!! Baby! You know the deal, \PN!
ZUMI: You've been helping me so much, and I really really appreciate it!
And to show you my appreciation, I'm going to give you a special gift.
ZUMI: You're looking at me like I'm crazy. Trust me, I'm not.
That's an Aevian Mareep. They can only really be found on Atrica Island north of here.
So I would say that's a pretty good reward, no?
Your next target is Toxel. They usually appear in West Gearen City.
West Gearen is kinda tricky to get into so if you don't have a way in, I would wait till you do.
ZUMI: I hear the lighthouses on Terajuma use Ampharos to power them.
Maybe you should check those out?
\sh\c[7]ZUMI: Yup that's a Toxel. Let's do our thing.
ZUMI: Hey, so... The Toxel found in Aevium are a bit weird.
Next time you get the chance, you should try using a Fire Stone on one.
*Wink*, *Wink*...
Anyway, here's your payment.
ZUMI: Alrighty, let's see here... What else is on the agenda for today.
Ah, right... This one is gonna take a while. So there's no rush.
I hear there's another Aevian Pokemon found at the Badlands...
Rarely anyone goes there, so it's not well documented on, so...
I'm not requiring you to catch this one. Just if you've seen it!
So go on out there and get hunting!
ZUMI: You can find Toxel in West Gearen City. Good luck!
ZUMI: Did you bring me that Aevian Pokemon spotted in the Badlands?
ZUMI: Well, when you find the Aevian Pokemon from the Badlands, let me know!
\sh\c[7]ZUMI: Th-That's a Budew, but it's not a normal Budew...
Please, allow me to grab some pictures and screenshots from your Pokedex!
ZUMI: What a cool discovery!
I believe you should try using a Sun Stone on that one whenever you get the chance.
ZUMI: That right there is an Ampharosite. It can be used to Mega Evolve Ampharos.
Johtonian Ampharos, that is. Sadly, Aevian Ampharos doesn't have the capability of Mega Evolution.
ZUMI: Alrighty, final job.
I heard a rumor of an Aevian Pokemon residing within the Axis Factory at Axis High University.
I'm an alumni from there, but I've never entered Axis Factory myself.
If you can show me the Pokemon found there, then I'll call this case closed!
ZUMI: Hi!
ZUMI: Did you bring me that Aevian Pokemon spotted in the Axis Factory?
\sh\c[7]ZUMI: Whoa!
It looks like that thing evolves when you level it up while it knows Zap Cannon.
Then after that... Maybe try a Thunderstone? Dunno.
Anyway, here's your final payment.
ZUMI: Okay, well... That's about it! That's all I have for you!
Thank you so much for helping me out, \PN!
I'm going to head back to the lab now. See ya!
ZUMI: Hi! Again!
Do you like the library?
Me too!
Nerd!
Mr. Blakeory is so great!
He donated this wonderful library to us and now we get to share the joy of knowledge!
The Citizen's Corporation is so great!
They donated this wonderful library to us and now we get to share the joy of knowledge!
Oh! Excuse me, is that the Poisonheart Badge?
That's a respectable achievement. I guess I could allow you to enter the research section.
Sorry, but this section of the library is only open to VIP members.
Sorry, but this part of the library is for VIP members only.
Are you a Pokemon Trainer? If so, I can teach your Pokemon specific moves...
That is, in return for some shards...
Interested?
1 Red Shard for Bind, buddy.
Thanks a ton!
Please don't waste my time if you actually don't have enough.
How about I charge you 1 Blue Shard? That'll do?
How about I charge you 1 Yellow Shard? That'll do?
Come again!
REN: \PN? Weren't you going to challenge Venam? I guess you were the one challenged, not the other way around.
Well, since you're here already... Why not have a quick battle?
I bet we've both gotten stronger after fighting that Garbodor.
Wuddya say?
REN: Yes! Don't you dare hold back!
I guess you can't win them all!
REN: Well, it looks like you're still stronger than me after all that.
That's fine, I'll get up to your level someday.
You've probably wasted enough time with me here. I bet Venam's getting impatient at this point.
I'll be here reading boring books or whatever.
See ya later, \PN!
REN: Yeah, Venam will probably kick my ass if I keep you here any longer.
REN: Oh, hey \PN! Congratulations on beating Venam!
Venam's always going on about how she's a pleb stomper, and she's right.
But there is one person who has beaten her pretty consistently, and that's Melia.
She's so strong that, well, I guess I'm not one to mention that to you.
Anyway, while you're here... Why not have a battle?
The way you battled Venam was something else. I'd like to experience that too!
REN: Tch... Dang. You only just became a trainer and you've overpowered Venam and I.
But that's fine, I guess. I'm mostly worried about my research with the Professor right now.
You've probably wasted enough time with me here. I bet Melia's still waiting for you on Route 1.
REN: That's fine, but if you change your mind... You know where to find me.
Libraries are so boring! I just wanna catch Pokemon!
I have moves that you may be interested in!
Take a look!
2 Yellow Shards for Dual Chop!
You bustin' my chops? Come back when you got enough!
2 Blue Shards? Yep! 2 will do!
2 Red Shards for Super Fang
Mind taking a small quiz? I'll have a prize for you if you pass!
Okay! Let's get started then!
What is the Gym Leader of East Gearen City's natural hair color?
I'm sorry, that's not correct! Try again!
That's correct! Next Question!
What is Tesla Von Brandt's favorite place to visit?
Yay! You got that correct again! You're so smart!
Okay, final question!
Which region of Floria Island is the home of Wispy Tower?
Yay! That's correct! You answered all the questions correctly!
As a reward, you can have this!
You can use that stone to evolve all sorts of Pokemon!
I don't have any questions left for you! You're so smart!
Enjoy the Computer Lab section!
Enjoy the Computer Lab section, I guess.
I heard Unown are capable of creating their own dimensions using their Hidden Power.
By themselves, they're weak, but together they're capable of anything!
How lame could Unown be? They can only use Hidden Power and their base stats are mediocre at best.
REN: Ugh, these books are so boring.
Why can't I ever watch a film about these things? I always gotta read...
It's a book about Shadow Pokemon.
Would you like to read it?
"Shadow Pokemon are Pokemon that have their hearts closed.
They cannot gain experience or evolve in this state.
In this form they are more aggressive and powerful.
They gain moves called Shadow moves. These moves are effective against every type except Fairy and Shadow.
Shadow moves also do not require PP to use. They can be used as many times as the owner likes.
However, when these moves are used, the Pokemon has a chance of entering Hyper Mode.
In Hyper Mode, the Pokemon has a higher critical hit chance.
On the downside, they are inflicted by their own darkness each turn.
In addition, Pokemon may refuse to obey their trainers.
The only way to get a Pokemon out of Hyper Mode is to call their names out or heal them at a Pokemon Center. "
EMILIA: Welcome to the Magnolia Library!
We are happily funded by the Blakeory Corporation and their sponsors!
We are proud to display an ancient book created by the Garufa tribe!
This bottom floor is free for everyone, but anything past it requires a small fee of 300$~.
\gWould you like to enter?
Please enjoy your visit!
\GSorry, you don't have enough money.
Welcome to the Magnolia Library!
Huh? What am I doing behind the desk?
I've always worked here!
Emilia? She can't work the front desk if it killed her!
Anyways, welcome to the Magnolia Library. Funded by the Citizen's Corporation.
Oh, it's you.
Welcome to the Magnolia Library or something.
We are happily funded by the Citizen's Corporation and their sponsors!
???: Alright, so you don't have that. Then what about the other things on the list?
EMILIA: I'm sorry, Ma'am... But none of these books listed here are in our collection.
However, I'm getting notified that all of these are located at the Blakeory Athenaeum?
???: Yeah, I know they all can be found there, but clearly I'm not there, am I?
The situation is that all the books I want have already been checked out by some girl named Rune.
The Atheneum actually directed me to this library. They should be available here!
But now you're telling me that they're not, and to go back to the place I started?
What kind of establishment are you all running here?!
Aren't you ran by the same ol' rich dude who has nothing to do but try and own everything?
The least you could do is pretend to be slightly more competent, yeh?
EMILIA: I'm sorry, ma'am, but-
???: No, save it. I'm done here. I definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
???: Hey, if you're interested in reading some great quality books, this isn't the place.
ABSOL: Sool!
???: Oh, there you are, Absol. Did you find that disaster you were so crazy about?
???: Ugh, just look at you. You're covered in golden leaves and mud...
This is why I can't leave you alone for two seconds, you know?
ABSOL: Sol! Abbbsol!
???: Yeah, yeah. The Grand Express is about to leave. Let's get a move on.
It's an ancient book passed down by the Garufa Tribe.
Ah? Do my eyes deceive me? A presence of youth in a library?
And here I thought kids these days despised the library. Well good on you!
I used to have a friend who loved to see young people at the library.
But he died while on an adventure. I do miss him sometimes.
It's a book about Shadow Pokemon purification.
"When a Pokemon is converted into a Shadow Pokemon, they can be reverted back to normal.
Shadow Pokemon have what is called a "Heart Gauge".
When this gauge is completely empty, the Pokemon will be ready for purification.
However, purification cannot happen without the use of a Relic Shrine.
When Shadow Pokemon are purified, they gain any experience they have obtained in battle.
They also lose their Shadow typing and their Shadow moveset.
These are replaced with the moves they originally had beforehand and a move it is not capable of learning. "
There are a lot of cool books here!
Some of these books are a little ridiculous.
Who would want to read a 500 page novel?
Wait, people actually do that? Nerds!
Hehehehe....
H-Hey, mind your business!
Don't come back!
Heh... Aww yeah.
Whoa dude, not cool!
Mind your own damn business!
Apparently there's a place called the Hidden Library located somewhere in Aevium.
I'd like to see that place for myself one day.
No romance novels? This place is a sham!
It's a book about Ace Shadow Pokemon.
"There are certain types of Shadow Pokemon that cannot be purified through normal means.
These Pokemon are called Ace Shadow Pokemon.
To purify an Ace Shadow Pokemon, one had to fill up what was known as a "Purity Chamber."
When the tempo is maxed out in every chamber, an Ace Shadow Pokemon may be purified."
This book is so interesting. I'll be sure to take notes!
Zzz...
Do you see this book?
This is an ancient book passed down by the Garufa Tribe.
No one can really translate it, but it's really cool to look at!
The possibilities of what that book could say fills my heart with heart-pounding excitement!
You should visit all of apartments in East Gearen City. You'll be surprised at what you can find!
If you're in here that means you have at least one badge, right?
You must be pretty talented to land yourself a badge!
The Computer Lab is only for good trainers. That must mean you're a pretty good trainer!
Shadow Pokemon aren't allowed to be used in official fights with Gym Leaders or Elite 8 members.
They're generally seen as taboo to own.
It would be nice if there were books here on the Garufa.
Their civilization is so vague to present scholars. Who knows what they were capable of?
I'm sure we'll find something eventually.
Yes
No
I believe so!
Just saying hi.
Just saying hi again.
Bind
Covet
Helping Hand
None
Dual Chop
Block
Super Fang
Let's do this.
I hate quizzes. Bye.
Green
Blonde
Brown
Purple
Aquamarine Cave
Goldenwood Forest
Zone Zero
Akuwa Town
Goldenleaf Area
Akuwa Town Area
Gearen Area
Sheridan Area
[Map205]
[Map206]
Catch Poliwag's attention?
\PN flashed the whistle and played a familiar tune.
POLIWAG: Poli!
Poliwag headed to Route 3!
KETA: \PN, can you hear me?
KETA: You've done well, \PN. I wish for you to visit me in Amethyst Grotto.
With the power embedded in me, I can bring you here, but only once.
Do you wish for this?
KETA: Let us go then.
KETA: I see.\| Very well. Please reconsider and visit me whenever you have time.
ELDEST: Welcome to the Spring of Purification. This is the sacred grove Sheridan Village has protected for hundreds of years.
The spring isn't as powerful as it once was many years ago, however...
This is where you'll be able to purify any Shadow Pokemon you come across.
But before we are able to do that, we must bless this area by calling the Voice of the Forest.
AELITA: The Voice of the Forest...?
ELDEST: Yes, the Voice of the Forest is a temporal being that shares its power to purify evil beings.
It is the reason why this place exists.
AELITA: What do we have to do to call it?
ELDEST: I'll show you.
AELITA: Uh... Eldest? Nothing seems to be happening.
ELDEST: You must have patience, Aelita.
The Voice of the Forest isn't native to the Floria District of Aevium.
It will take just a little while for it to get here.
???: Pribi!!!
AELITA: Eldest, was that it? The Voice of the Forest?
ELDEST: Looks like it's finally here! Celebi!
CELEBI: Pribi!!!
AELITA: It's here!
ELDEST: Celebi, Voice of the Forest. Please bless this shrine!
CELEBI: ...
ELDEST: Thank you for your hard work, Celebi.
AELITA: Wait, it's leaving just like that?
ELDEST: Celebi cannot stay in one place for long. It looks after Aevium with its power to travel across time.
AELITA: So now \PN can naturally purify any Shadow Pokemon?
ELDEST: When a Shadow Pokemon's heart is completely open, it can be purified here, yes.
AELITA: That's great to hear!
Now you're that much more powerful, \PN.
Aren't you glad you met me? Heehee...
But... that's it for you here, isn't it?
You'll be leaving here and continuing your journey.
AELITA: I just want to wish you the best, okay?
I'm sure you'll visit a lot to purify Shadow Pokemon, but...
AELITA: Oh goodness! I totally forgot something!
ELDEST: What's the matter, Aelita?
AELITA: \PN, didn't Madelis ruin your Snag Machine?
AELITA: Ugh... I remember now! She messed it up with that jamming signal thingy.
ELDEST: Hm... I may have a solution to your problem.
AELITA: Huh? You do?
ELDEST: Yes, I heard that there's a famous engineer visiting Akuwa Town at the moment.
I believe her name was... Saki Blakeory?
Hrm... Blakeory. That's a name you don't hear often.
Well anyway, she might be able to help you fix that Snag Machine.
AELITA: Oh you're a genius, Eldest!
If you go to Akuwa Town and find Saki, you can get your snag machine fixed!
ELDEST: Aelita, and this is just a suggestion, but why don't you tag along with \PN?
AELITA: Do you mean it? I can really go? !
What about the village? What will they do without a Sensei?
ELDEST: Survive. We will survive.
I will look after the village until you return.
AELITA: Oh thank you, Eldest! You won't regret this decision!
But um, I haven't left the village before, so I'm not exactly sure how to get to Akuwa Town.
ELDEST: Let's take a look at the map.
ELDEST: The road to Goldenleaf Town will be a long one.
Before you go, I'd advise resting at the inn.
AELITA: Sounds like a good idea. I'll return there and get things ready!
Don't worry about payment, \PN. You're a lifetime guest in our book!
ELDEST: Ah, but before you go on, there's something-
AELITA: Maybe later, Eldest. There's work to be done!
ELDEST: Sigh... Once she sets her mind to something, there's no stopping her.
She reminds me so much of Vivian...
ELDEST: Yes, deary. I'm just fine. Thank you for looking out for me.
ELDEST: ...I'm sure that's something you'll learn, in time. Hoho...
But that's not important right now.
I was trying to warn you about Goldenleaf Town.
While Sheridan and Goldenleaf Town are on solid terms... Er...
The people of Goldenleaf Town are not too keen on visitors.
For now I shall return to the inn myself. Farewell.
JAMES: It's quite peaceful down here.
Send them to the Lost camp?
JAMES: Thank.
Bye trainer!
Someone please find me...
AELITA: Who would've thought a place like this was hidden somewhere in Sheridan?
There are so many secrets to uncover in this world!
Yes
No
Are you okay?
Who's Vivian?
[Map207]
BRAIXEN: Huh? Me? I'm just taking advantage of this nice weather.
White sandy beaches, crystal clear waters? What more could you want?
Why are you looking at me like that? Is it because I'm dreaming about crystal clear waters and being a Fire-type?
It's no secret that I don't like water, but that doesn't mean I can't appreciate it, right?
PYUKUMUKU: Pyukumuk!
Locked.
\PN turned the key and unlocked the door!
STARYU: Hyah!
Staryu looks towards your bag.
Give Staryu a Gourmet Treat?
...
Staryu appreciates your gift!
Staryu is indifferent to your generosity and attacks you anyway.
Staryu turns away.
It ignores you.
NIM: Urgh...
Don't worry about me, \PN... This'll pass...\| I hope...
NIM: A-Aw, thanks for worrying about me, but uh... I'm... I'm fine!
Just got a bit seasick, is all. Th-There's absolutely nothing to worry about!
NIM: R-Really? I guess there's no point in waiting... We should go after all.
ENGINEER: Will you shut off that music? It's deafening!
???: No! This is my favorite song. You'll just have to deal with it!
ENGINEER: That's it. I'm turning it off myself!
???: Touch it and the hand comes off!
PHIONE: Fio!
Phione looks at you curiously.
Do you want to give Phione a Gourmet Treat?
Phione wants to play!
Play with Phione?
Phione charged towards you!
Phione twirls around aimlessly.
It doesn't seem to notice you.
Maybe we should just go back to West Gearen and get married there...
Maybe being out here ain't so bad, yeah?
ADAM: It's... hot.
VALARIE: We're getting ready to enter the jungle. Whenever you're ready just head on in.
VALARIE: Of Terajuma? I knew this place existed, but I never got the chance to visit.
I guess this, right now, is my chance? I do quite like it so far. Reminds me of home.
VALARIE: I don't think anyone knows. Maybe Melia? She was acting sorta weird when that fog showed up.
We should ask her next time.
RORIM B: Ready to go, darling? I'll take us there right away!
RORIM B: Darling, where do you need to go?
My fianc and I came to Terajuma to partake in their wedding tradition, but...
With Kristiline being the way it is, there's no way we can capture the Luvdisc we need for the ceremony.
I heard Kristiline's been freed! But... I kinda want to keep gazing at the ocean.
AELITA: If you would've told me we'd somehow find ourselves on Terajuma, I would've laughed...
How did we get ourselves all the way out here?
GRUNT: Huh? What do you want? Can't you see that I'm waiting for someone?
GRUNT: Wait, I know you! You're \PN! Why are you bothering a lowly scientist like me?
Don't you have bigger people to bother? Like Madelis, or Nastasia?
Whatever, I won't let you interfere!
Uh...oh...
GRUNT: Listen up! I was the one who put the laxatives in the ice cream batter, but that Restaurant Le Whoa put me up to it!
It was all their fault, yeah! Honest it was! They paid me a bunch for it too.
\GTell you what, I'll give you a small cut, and you'll let me go, okay?
\GSee? Aren't I generous? I am, aren't I? Now let me leave!
MELIA: Alex and Sam went ahead into the jungle.
We're all just about ready to go. Just waiting for you to be, I suppose.
We'll all go through the jungle together and look for Saki.
Once we do... well, I don't really have a plan after that. We'll just wing it for now.
VALARIE: Alright, here we are! If you ever want to revisit that cove for whatever reason...
Just Surf up this stream and it'll lead you right there.
But we shouldn't keep the others waiting.
That Carnivine could be blocking us out at this very moment, so let's hurry!
Yes
No
Are you okay?
We're ready to go.
What do you think of...
How'd we get here?
Oceana Pier.
Secret Shore.
[Map208]
AELITA: If anyone can beat Valarie, it's you \PN! I've seen you battle. You're amazing at it!
You found them all!
One more left to go!
Two more left to go!
Three more left to go!
Four more left to go!
Five more left to go!
Six more left to go!
ADAM: You're cool and all, \PN, but if I don't root for Valarie, Braixen is going to roast me a new one.
Catch Poliwag's attention?
\PN flashed the whistle and played a familiar tune.
POLIWAG: Poli!
Poliwag headed to Route 3!
VALARIE: Sorry, I can't allow Shadow Pokemon to be used during this battle. Switch them out.
VALARIE: Last time was just a warm up! This time I'll really wash you away with the power of the tide!
VALARIE: I've seen the way you battled at Blacksteeple Castle, you know.
I was very impressed with your battling capabilities and care for your Pokemon. It's truly admirable.
Maybe if I was half as good as you I could've saved your mother...
I blame myself for not being strong enough and...
Stop it, Valarie, this isn't the time! Don't show hesitation.
Sorry, \PN. Even if you do so dearly need my badge, I won't let up in the slightest!
AELITA: Go, \PN! You can do it!
BRAIXEN: Kick their head in, Valarie! Throw a rock at them if you need to, just win!
MELIA: ... Let's not throw rocks at \PN, or at anyone for that matter.
ADAM: Uh, go get 'em Val. I believe in ya.
VALARIE: Well, we shouldn't keep our fans waiting, right \PN?
I'm so excited for this. Let's see where the tide will turn!
Looks like I've been washed away...
VALARIE: ... And that's that.
Looks like you win this one, \PN.
VALARIE: You were really strong too! It was an enjoyable battle through and through!
Thus, I present you, \PN, with this badge. In honor of your victory and my humble defeat.
VALARIE: Huh? No way! Don't even give me that cocky attitude!
BRAIXEN: Aw c'mon, Val. It's just banter!
VALARIE: Hmph...\| Fine, you won. Here's the badge.
\PN got the Dewdrop badge!
BRAIXEN: Aw... that's sooo lame, but I guess it was a pretty good match overall. I'm content.
AELITA: All right, \PN! You did it! I knew you could!
MELIA: Yay, congratulations, \PN! You did really well!
Come back over here and I'll give you the HM for Surf!
VALARIE: First let's get you out of here. Courtesy of-
VALARIE: Let's get out of here.
But now that you have Surf, I bet you could do it yourself.
Should be "EZ." for someone like you-
???: Carni~...!
VALARIE: Is that the Carnivine that's been causing trouble?
CARNIVINE: Carniii!
CARNIVINE: Carniii~~!
VALARIE: ...
We should hurry up and get back before it completely blocks our entrance.
BRAIXEN: Hm... I guess there's no real Gym Guide to provide you with help, right?
I guess I'll do that for you!
Would you like to listen to my advice?
BRAIXEN: Um, okay! Valarie's ace is her Primarina! The star of the Akuwa Town Aquarium!
Primarina's Dazzling Gleam and Sparkling Aria will send you out with a razzle dazzle of beauty!
And by that I mean, you'll probably get one shot if you're not prepared. So get prepared!
My gal Val's signature move is Aquabatics. If you've seen the move Dragon Dance in action before, expect something similar but for Special attackers.
Give her the opportunity to use it at your own peril!
BRAIXEN: Mmk, so we're talking about the Water Surface field... It's a nasty one.
Ground moves always fail as well. Not that you would use those here anyway.
Oh and obviously, Water moves get empowered here. I also think Electric moves do as well but meh.
Probably don't wanna use those either because Val has ways to get around her electricity weakness.
BRAIXEN: Grass-Types! Everywhere! Use them! They're great here!
Electric moves are boosted here, and you can use them sometimes, but Valarie has ways of getting around her electric weakness.
Most of her Pokemon aren't too fast either before they can get an Aquabatics off, so if you can't stop her from setting up, make sure she pays for it!
BRAIXEN: I know I'm rooting for Val, but I'm rooting for you too!
VALARIE: Would you like to leave for now?
VALARIE: Okay. Whenever you're ready to battle just speak to me again.
VALARIE: All right. Stand opposite of me when you're ready to battle.
MELIA: Congratulations again for defeating Valarie!
I don't need this HM anymore, so take it as a reward!
MELIA: Okay! Now that that's settled, we can get through this jungle and find Saki.
Hopefully without anymore trouble...
Hopefully.
VALARIE: Would you like me to take you down to that cove area?
VALARIE: Right, let's go.
VALARIE: Whenever you're ready just come speak to me, okay?
MELIA: Good luck, \PN. If anyone can beat Valarie, it's definitely you!
Yes
No
You're strong...
It was pretty even
Ez.
Valarie's Ace | Sig Move
Water Surface Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map209]
Being a tourist in such a cool area is really interesting!
Too bad it's so easy to get lost here...
I can see the hidden potential in Pokemon. Would you like me to analyze your Pokemon?
Who shall I analyze?
Changed your mind?
I'll always be here...Will you?
This is an egg. I can't analyze an egg...
Yes, this is true. It must be!
Would you like me to analyze another?
DYLAN: Welcome to the surface, Ana. Is it everything you expected? Dull, right?
ANA: ...It's beautiful.
DYLAN: Technically we aren't outside-outside yet. We're inside of a dome, but it emulates nature pretty well.
There's not even a ton of smog due to the air purification units placed around.
ANA: So this isn't outside then?
DYLAN: I mean, I guess so, but this is fine?
Don't even get me started on being in nature.
All the crazy Pokemon that want to kill you? Yeah, let me stay inside, please.
ANA: Pokemon...
DYLAN: Don't tell me you don't even know what Pokemon are?
Man, where have you been your entire life?
Pokemon are-
GRANDMA: While on your journey, you'll see things that have only been described in picture books.
ANA: Are you referring to nature, Grandma?
Yes, Ana. Nature is a prevalent force in this place.
ANA: Is nature dangerous?
GRANDMA: It can be, if you let it.
Nature was one of my favorite things when I was young.
One of the most important aspects of nature was Pokemon.
ANA: Pokemon...?
Pokemon are beings descended down from the God, Arceus.
They used to live with us, hand in hand, but unfortunately, that is no longer the case.
ANA: What happened to nature? What happened to Pokemon?
GRANDMA: Both ceased to exist.
Recovered lost data: 15%.
DYLAN: Ana? Ana are you okay?!
ANA: ...Huh?
DYLAN: You just stood there while we were talking to you.
You wouldn't respond or anything. Are you doing okay?
ANA: Yes, I'm fine... I'd like to go outside for real if that's okay.
DYLAN: I dunno if that's a good idea, but if that's what you really want...
We can head to Route 9. It's a good spot to just sit down and relax.
Never too hot, never too cold, and it always has such a nice breeze.
ANA: Yes, I'd like to go there.
DYLAN: All right. \PN, do you want to come with us or do you have business to take care of first?
DYLAN: Phew, I thought I'd have to socialize by myself there for a moment. Bullet dodged.
All right, let's go.
DYLAN: All right... I'm not a good at socializing so I guess I'll have to wing it.
Just don't take forever.
PLUSLE: Piy! Piy!
\PN found 350$!
Running down these streets will soothe the pain in my heart...
Hey...What's your problem??
SHARHHSAHHAHRSHA....
Shop! Shop! Shop! Buy! Buy! Buy!
Welcome!
I can re-teach moves your Pokemon have forgotten for the price of one Heart Scale!
Would you like me to re-teach a move to one of your Pokemon?
Which Pokemon will it be?
Please come again!
THAT'S AN EGG.
It looks like I can't teach anything to this Pokemon...
\PN handed over one Heart Scale in exchange.
Come again!
Do you want to use the Weather Board for 575$?
Which weather phenomenon do you want to request?
Rain selected.
Thunderstorm selected.
Snow selected.
Sunny selected.
Wind selected.
Insufficient funds.
\PN found 450$!
Locked.
Hey, why don't you wait in line like the rest of us?!
Got 26 deliveries to take care of today...
Arceus have mercy on my soul.
Shop till you drop...dead!
I meant you, not my Pokemon!
You knew you'd win didn't you? You're terrible!
I can't wait to get my hands on a delicious Casteliacone...
MADELIS: Why can't you two just take whichever ribbon and beat it...?
Step one! Find someone to battle with!
Step tw- wait, th-this isn't...!
I don't know what to do now...
Waiting for an order to be ready is the worst thing that can happen to anyone.
They don't care if you have a schedule!
\PN found 550$!
The building to the east of here is Magnolia Theatre!
They're the same people who founded the Magnolia Library in Gearen!
Hey! No cutting!
VENAM: Hey! Looks like we're finally here.
I was passing by this area and noticed two things inside the glass case.
There's a Red Ribbon and Blue Ribbon.
Well...Uh, before I get into those, I don't know if you know this...
Melia's birthday is actually next week.
I wanted to buy one of these ribbons for her, but I don't know which one to get.
Which one do you think I should buy?
???: Ugh, kids these days are so damn indecisive.
Listen, make up your mind before I go insane, yeah?
MADELIS: Whwhwhwhwhwhwhwhww.........
VENAM: Uh, is something the matter?
MADELIS: O-Oh, no, nothing's wrong!
In fact, you can take one of those ribbons free of charge!
Just get out of here!
VENAM: Wow, do you really mean it? We can get these for free?
MADELIS: Yes! Yes! Just go! Take one and leave!
VENAM: Heh, well that worked out way better than I thought!
We can take one of the ribbons for Melia for free!
I just had a great idea, \PN.
Which ribbon do you like the most?
VENAM: The Red Ribbon, eh?
All right, personally I like the Blue Ribbon more.
Let's have a battle to decide which ribbon we give to Melia.
If I win, I get to give Melia the Blue Ribbon.
If I lose, vice versa. Simple, right?
Then it's settled! Come talk to me when you're ready!
VENAM: The Blue Ribbon, eh?
I kinda like the Red Ribbon more, though.
If I win, I get to give Melia the Red Ribbon.
VENAM: Are you all settled?
VENAM: Great! Let's get into position then.
VENAM: Last time we battled I was being held back by Melia.
But things are going to be different this time, y'hear?
While you were off doing your own thing, I've been training my Pokemon to be of the top percentage.
Besides, I have to redeem myself for that atrocious battle we had back at Gearen City.
I may be off duty, but I have a reputation to keep!
I won't lose!
Damn, really? I was so sure I'd win this time...!
VENAM: ...Sigh...
Looks like I'm still not good enough to beat you.
Eh, whatever, it was fun.
Tesla told me that I have to get better at losing.
Yeah, I know. How do you get better at something you're supposed to avoid?
Being a poor sport won't help anyone...
Anyway, looks like we're done here. Let's get the ribbon you chose.
VENAM: We'll take the Red Ribbon.
VENAM: We'll take the Blue Ribbon.
MADELIS: It's yours. Just go.
VENAM: Gonna head back home.
We'll give Melia her present on her birthday.
Don't go blabbing to her about this either. It's a surprise!
See ya, \PN!
VENAM: Hot damn! I'm on some serious flames today!
I was able to beat down \PN! That's 1 point for Gearen City!
It was fun, though! You definitely put up a fight.
I just put up a better one is all!
VENAM: Heh, gonna go back home now.
By the way, this is a secret! We'll give this to Melia on her birthday.
Don't get salty and ruin the surprise by blabbing to her.
See ya later, Feraligatr!
VENAM: You've got Chicken Skin all right!
When you're ready just talk to me. Don't keep me waiting forever!
I'm what's in with the cool, and you're what's in with the garbage!
What? I lost?
This can't be!
\ts[1]WAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!
I dropped my Casteliacone on the ground and NOW I CAN'T EAT IT!!
Give the girl a Casteliacone?
A-Are you giving me this Casteliacone? R-Really?!
...
BLECH....
Y-You just fed me the Casteliacone I dropped on the floor...
I-I think I'm going to be sick...
Thank you so much! Now I'll have sweet dreams when I go to bed!
Why would you give the Casteliacone that I dropped on the floor?!
You're terrible!
SPU keeps a close partnership with the Department of Dreams for many reasons.
One of them is the free ice cream! Yum!
I went to the Department of Dreams to shop for various items...
But they only allowed me to go to the first floor!
Apparently they have this stamp system that restricts you depending on the number of stamps you have.
It's so frustrating!
I'm sorry, but I'm busy handling a customer right now!
Oh dear... it looks like the snow droveaway all of my customers.
Oh...How about you? Would you like to buy a Casteliacone?\G
Thank you for your patronage!
We hope to see you again!
I'm terribly sorry, but it looks like you don't have enough...
I see...
Oh dear... it looks like all the snow drove away all my customers.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
MINUN: Mi! Mi!
Shop, shop, shop, shop to the top~!
Oh my gosh, I just wanted to shop, shop, shop right to the top!
Yes
No
Let's go.
I'll catch up with you both.
Yes.
No.
Rain.
Thunderstorm.
Snow.
More options.
Blizzard.
Sunny.
Windy.
The Red Ribbon.
The Blue Ribbon.
Let's Battle!
I've got Chicken Skin...
1 Casteliacone (100)
Dozen Casteliacones (1,000)
No thanks.
[Map210]
NIM: You can do this, Nim. Just... get a hold of yourself.
There are vines inside the passage that are blocking the way!
Roggenrola doesn't want to go this way...
Fine evening for a swim, right?
Just kidding, it's not.
Unless you like being attacked by Carvanhas...
SAM: This vine problem is getting so much worse...
Wh-What was with all that noise? It sounded like a huge battle just went down...
ALEX: Kakori Village is just straight through this path. Shouldn't be far.
SAM: Once we're there we'll assemble a search party for your friend.
Be thankful that you all don't have to walk through the actual jungle.
ALEX: A lot of people try to, but most just end up getting heatstroke or bitten by a poisonous Pokemon.
BRAIXEN: Oh? Here I was looking forward to an adventure with my pals through the jungle.
ADAM: Yeah right. You're a total priss, Braixen. If someone offered to carry you through the jungle you'd accept.
BRAIXEN: And you wouldn't? I smell a dirty little hypocrite.
BRAIXEN: Ah, it seems \PN is cultured. I'd expect nothing less, after all.
VALARIE: Will you three just can it? This heat is already giving me a headache!
Please save me the trouble of producing a full blown migraine.
BRAIXEN: I'd rather not.
ADAM: What's wrong? Put your money where your mouth is!
BRAIXEN: I don't HAVE any money! I'm a Pokemon!
ADAM: ...
BRAIXEN: Oop...
ADAM: Er....
VALARIE: Seriously, we can go without the pointless bickering.
It's bad enough I'm getting a headache from the heat.
BRAIXEN: Sorry, Valarie.
ADAM: Sorry, Val.
MELIA: Uh, let's continue.
ALEX: Yes, let's.
AELITA: Well, we should probably follow them, right?
NIM: W-Wait...!
NIM: Don't go without me!
AELITA: Nim, are you sure you're all right?
You look like you've been jabbed in the stomach and thrown off a moving vehicle.
...That's oddly specific, but you get my point.
NIM: Y-Yeah, I know. It must've been the boat ride. I get sea sick sometimes, y'know?
J-Just gotta walk this one off.
AELITA: Well all right, if you say so.
NIM: I-I'm fine, really!
"Kakori Village".
GROWLITHE: Grooo!
GROWLITHE: Grooo! Gro Gowl!
Growlithe is looking at you strangely.
LADY: Hm... It looks like you've made Growlithe exceptionally happy.
I can't take care of Growlithe, and it's clearly happy with you.
So why not take it with you?
Growlithe joined you!
LADY: It's time for me to head home now. Goodbye, trainer!
Growlithe looks like it wants to tell you something but it's not exactly ready yet.
Growlith waves its paw and walks away, but it turns around a few times to see if you're gone yet.
Growlithe is beaming with happiness! It seems to really enjoy your company.
Growlithe seems really sad to see you go...
Growlithe waves goodbye! It seems to be anticipating your next arrival.
Growlithe seems a bit saddened to see you go, but it knows you'll be back.
Growlithe seems confused, but it accepts that you have other things to do.
Growlithe stares for a bit, but ultimately decides to walk away.
Growlithe walked away.
ALEX: Looks like that blasted Carnivine blocked off the water route too.
AELITA: It's so peaceful out here. Almost serene.
A little too serene after all that's happened. It's a little unnerving.
I didn't think a quick trip to Akuwa Town would result in me being on the run from Team Xen on Terajuma Island.
Life is pretty strange, isn't it?
AELITA: Are... Are you playing with that Growlithe?
That looks like a ton of fun... Can I play too?
AELITA: Awesome! Let's get started then!
AELITA: Hey Growlithe! Over here, see?
AELITA: Go get 'em!
Growlithe looks happier!
AELITA: Hehe, it's time to stop for now, but it was fun!
AELITA: ...Awh, okay... It's going to be a while before Melia and the rest gather up again.
So if you change your mind, I'll be here!
I just went on an early morning walk to let go of some stress and guess what happens?
I get blocked out of my village because some selfish Carnivine wants to cause complete havoc.
Oh, but that's not all! This would usually be no big deal because of the warp pads, right?
Well they conveniently stopped working the moment all of this started to go down. Weird, huh?!
MELIA: What is with these vines, and... Why are they... moving like that?
SAM: These vines are a recent addition to Terajuma's list of problems.
And I'm talkin' recent. As in, a few minutes recent.
As in, I have also never seen these vines before and I just came through this area.
ALEX: We've been getting reports of vines suddenly appearing out of the ground and causing trouble.
We went out to the shore so that we could take a closer look, but...
SAM: We couldn't find anything.
We tried to get back via the teleport pads, but after this weird fog, they stopped working.
MELIA: So... You guys have no idea why this is happening?
ALEX: Oh yes... Oh yes we do.
SAM: Alex, stop. I'm not hearing this again.
ALEX: No! I will not stop! You know it's true. You're just a scaredy cat.
ADAM: Can you guys just tell us already?
Everything is going over my head and it feels like I'm missing something.
BRAIXEN: You're missing a lot of things, dear.
ALEX: These vines were created by a Pokemon called "Carnivine".
MELIA: I thought Carnivine didn't appear in these parts of the jungle?
SAM: They don't, but it's common for Pokemon to stumble into unknown habitats by mistake.
ALEX: It wasn't a mistake. Carnivine was placed here by Angie, and that's that.
MELIA: Angie...?
ALEX: Angie is the supposed Gym Leader of Kristiline Town.
I say supposed because we're not so sure that's true.
She's only been on the island for about a month, and Kristiline doesn't have a Gym.
All she does is stay in her church while sending her underlings to harass people who don't comply with her standards.
Everyone in Kristiline Town is completely imprisoned by he-
SAM: She's definitely a problem, but we have no proof she's the one who sent this Carnivine.
Angie hasn't done anything outside of Kristiline, and I doubt she ever will.
ALEX: Sam, just be quiet, okay? Whatever.
MELIA: Anyway, we're gonna have to go through the jungle the long way, aren't we?
ALEX: Nah, not the entire jungle. There should be a functioning warp pad just west of here.
SAM: Hold on, there's another set of stairs across the river. Is it blocked there as well?
MELIA: Let's check.
MELIA: Hey, how's the situation over there?
AELITA: We can't get past this vine. It's way too thick and annoying.
Sooo, yeah. We're stuck here.
MELIA: Sigh, I guess there's no point in complaining. We'll just deal.
ADAM: Ugh, Braixen, can't you just burn down these vines or something? You're a Fire-Type, right?
BRAIXEN: I could burn down these vines, but haven't you noticed that we are in a jungle?
You're practically asking me to burn down the entirety of Terajuma, and if I recall correctly...
Only YOU can prevent forest fires!
ADAM: Man, screw these stupid vines!
If no one is going to do anything about them, then I'll just move them with brute force!
MELIA: So the long way, then?
BRAIXEN: Yep, let's get a move on!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
MELIA: Hurry! We need to make it to the shore before it's too late!
AELITA: What's up with these vines? Can we not cut them down?
You see that Growlithe over there? It just showed up on my doorstep one day.
I come out here everyday to play with it, but I'm a working woman so finding the time can be difficult.
If only I could find a trainer trustworthy enough to take care of it...
LADY: Growlithe looks really happy with you...! Please play with it more, please!
VALARIE: It's just one thing after the other, I swear.
Well, I guess no one said life would be easy, right?
HIKER: Hey, you must be here to help me clear the vines covering that small cove?
These vines are so thick that a regular knife just isn't cutting it! Literally!
What I'll need are 7 Black Shards. Do you know what those are?
They're material that only can be found on Terajuma.
Some say they fall from space. Some say thay morph into existence.
They're special because they can change their shape and become sharper and larger!
Take a look around and try to find 7 Black Shards!
I'll need 7 shards. They only appear in Terajuma Jungle!
Wow, you found all of the shards! This is incredible!
I'll clear the way right away!
There you go! I cleared a path through the jungle!
It should be easier to traverse now!
"Clear the way" help request completed.
Thanks to your help, we're able to move around more quickly!
GROWLITHE: Growl!
Growlithe is wagging its tail in excitement!
Do what with Growlithe?
\PN pet Growlithe!
Growlithe licks your hand!
You and Growlithe bonded a little!
Growlithe wags its tail excitedly!
Growlithe barks with enthusiasm!
Growlithe looks really happy!
What kind?
You gave Growlithe a Rare Bone!
Growlithe looks exceptionally happy!
You have no Rare Bones to give.
You gave Growlithe a Thick Club!
You have no Thick Clubs to give.
You found them all!
One more left to go!
Two more left to go!
Three more left to go!
Four more left to go!
Five more left to go!
Six more left to go!
BRAIXEN: If you asked me how I was doing at this exact moment...
I'd tell you that I'm doing just... vine.
ADAM: You're disgusting.
ADAM: Oh for the love of... Is there seriously something blocking our way?
I'd accept too...
Wanna do a test run?
Can you two stop?
Join me!
Nope.
Throw the ball.
That's enough for now.
Take Growlithe for a walk!
Pet Growlithe
Play with Growlithe
More
Play some more!
That's enough.
Give Growlithe a bone!
Nothing.
Rare Bone
Thick Club
None
[Map211]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
SAM: Okie dokie, the Ranger Center isn't too far from here.
All we gotta do is cross the waters here in Jirukala Cavern and we'll be about there.
MELIA: Okay, that's simple enough. Let's get moving.
AELITA: W-Wait!
MELIA: Hm? Is there an issue, Aelita?
AELITA: Um, this is a little embarrassing, but I don't think \PN and I can cross this just yet...
MELIA: Oh, do you not have the Surf HM? I can provide you both with one if-
AELITA: No, it's not that, it's just... I don't think we have enough badges.
I mean, especially me. I don't have any to begin with.
VALARIE: 'Rina could probably carry one other person, but more than that would hurt her.
MELIA: Hm... \PN, how many badges do you currently have?
MELIA: Unfortunately, no. You need 5 of them to be able to use Surf.
Luckily, we're traveling with... One, two- Three Gym Leaders!
MELIA: Ha-ha, very funny, \PN. You know what a badge is!
Hm... So you got four? Well, unfortunately you need five, but we have Leaders with us right now, don't we?
MELIA: And risk yourself being dragged underwater by whatever Pokemon lives there? No way.
Using Surf is safer, and frankly, being able to use it in battle is beneficial too.
ADAM: I'd fight \PN, but they're not exactly on my level yet.
BRAIXEN: Oh Adam... How humble of you to say that.
ADAM: Shut up, Braixen. You know I didn't mean it like that.
It is what it is, don't instigate.
BRAIXEN: My, my, Adam. So hostile. You know I didn't mean it like that either!
VALARIE: \PN and I are probably on par at the moment.
So I guess the duty of battling \PN shall be mine.
Should we get started immediately?
BRAIXEN: No no no! This just won't do!
VALARIE: ...Is there a problem, Braixen?
BRAIXEN: This is not the best place to battle, VAL.
The cave is so small that you'd definitely hit one of us.
Besides, there was a cove just outside the cave. Aren't you at peak power while on the water's surface?
VALARIE: I do enjoy battling on the water's surface, yes.
And like you said, this cave is really cramped.
So sure, why not. Let's have our battle outside.
Meet me there whenever you're ready to start this.
I won't let you down!
AELITA: \PN, you got this! Show Valarie who's boss!
MELIA: Of course I'm rooting for \PN as well! This'll be the first time I've seen a Gym Leader battle besides Venam.
BRAIXEN: Where's the support for my gal, Val? Anyone? No? Well it'll have to be me, then.
ADAM: Meh.
Do you want to use Headbutt?
Some berries fell out of the tree!
A Pokemon fell out of the tree!
These trees look like you could use Headbutt on them...
AELITA: What's up with these vines? Can we not cut them down?
It's an interface. It looks like it's waiting for an input...
OPEN.
ERROR! ERROR!
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
GRUNT: So, what was the reason behind stealing these Ampharos again?
GRUNT2: Without these Ampharos, the lighthouses won't provide light!
No ships means no tourists. No tourists, no pesky outside help!
That dumb 'ol help center will go out of business post-haste!
GRUNT: Aren't they non-profit organizations?
GRUNT2: We're not here to discuss semantics.
This'll work anyway because no one will ever find this place.
Except the other grunts, that is.
GRUNT: Why's that?
GRUNT2: See, I left notes on how to find this place at the lighthouses if any other member wanted to join us!
GRUNT: You left notes at the lighthouses??
The place people will look first when they realize their Ampharos are gone??
GRUNT: ...
I see your point.
GRUNT2: What are we gonna-
GRUNT2: Gyah!! They're here! Look at what you've done!!
GRUNT: W-We can still save this! Ambush them!
This is bad.
This is all Ann's fault.
ANN: This is infuriating...
You're such a dumbass, you know that?
DREW: Hey now, that's just rude!
ANN: Sorry, but just what were you thinking??
DREW: Hehe, I wasn't.
Oh well, we've failed! We can just run and do something else.
It's not like we put that much effort into this.
ANN: True. In that case. Let's run!
ALEX: The only Gym Leader I've seen fight is Crawli.
He's really strong. Probably stronger than everyone here!
Probably...
AMPHAROS: Amphy!!
RANGER: Aha! There you are!
I went to the lighthouses because you were taking a long time.
I was surprised and worried to see the Ampharos missing from their lighthouses.
Thankfully I followed the note's instructions and found my way here.
Thanks to you the lighthouses will be up and running once again!
Your reward will be waiting for you at the help center!
RANGER: Oh, and one last thing!
Now that the lighthouses will be up and running once again...
New Pokemon should appear along the shores at night time.
They seem to be attracted to the light the lighthouse dishes out.
Be sure to look out for them!
\PN saved the Ampharos and brought light back to Terajuma!
These rocks look climbable!
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
It's no use-- The rocks are far too steep!
SAM: Good luck, \PN! I didn't expect this to turn into a Gym Battle, but I guess these things happen?
NIM: G-Good luck, \PN. I hope you don't mind that I stay here for a bit, right...?
Four, is that enough?
What's a badge?
Can't I just swim?
Yes
No
[Map212]
Do you want to elevate to the next floor?
Do you want to lower the lift?
AELITA: \PN, one sec!
So I spoke to that guy downstairs...
Apparently Texen sucks. He's only around the level of the 3rd Gym Leader.
Not only that, but I've been taking note of how long this gym is. It digs quite a bit into Carotos.
It's approximately two stories high, and about... hm...
Okay so here's the plan. Even if you win, he'll never let us inside the mountain.
So we're going to have to find an alternate path.
During the gym battle I want you to be as rough as possible.
Hit walls, break the flooring. Stuff like that.
If we're lucky, the room where he's located is close to a room in Carotos.
If that happens then-
You know what? I'll have to think about this some more.
AELITA: If this is going how I think it's going...
Who knows what could happen?
Chisel this statue?
\PN chiseled the Machoke statue into 2 Machop statues!
\PN activated the repeaters!
The repeaters are offline.
Repeaters functional.
WARNING: TOO MUCH WEIGHT PLACED UPON PRESSURE POINT.
OVERLOAD.
There's not enough space. Move another statue first.
Yes
No
[Map213]
Chisel this statue?
\PN chiseled the Machoke statue into 2 Machop statues!
WORKER: Ay ay, woah woah, you're not allowed in here!
What? Texen already has a challenger?
Aw c'mon. I told that kid to give us until the end of the week. We're working here!
This room is totally busted. I don't understand you kids today. Totally impatient!
Whateva. If you wanna go meet Texen he's in the next room.
The nerve o' these kids...
Chisel this statue into what?
\PN chiseled the Machoke statue into 2 Machoke statues!
\PN chiseled the Machoke statue into 3 Machop statues!
This place ain't for no kid to be walkin' around in.
Why can't yous' just be patient, hm?.
I heard dat dis Texen guy ain't even that good.
But what I can confirm is that he was born in a lot of dough.
Put two n' two togeda, hm?
Yes
No
Machokes
Machops
Just push the darn thing.
[Map214]
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
AELITA: Oh goodness...!
TEXEN: M-My Gym! What the hell did you guys do?!
AELITA: We did a little feng shui. You know, to brighten up our lives?
Although I must say... more than our lives have been brightened up. Don't you agree, Texen?
TEXEN: Wait... you knew this would happen! That's why you guys vandalized my gym?!
AELITA: Guilty as charged.
TEXEN: Why you little.... I'll kill you!
Just wait till I douse this magma pit you'll-
TEXEN: ...Huh...?!
Oh...
HOLY SHIT, MY HAIR IS ON FIRE.
AELITA: Oh god...
TEXEN: Call 911! Call Officer Jenny. Call the LSPD.. SOMEONE HELP ME.
AELITA: Well, I can see that you're on fire, so we'll just leave you alone.
AELITA: How about we leave Texen to deal with his "personal" issues, hm?
Onward!
AELITA: \PN, before you battle Texen, I'd like to check something out.
This is going to sound weird, but let's feel the walls behind Texen for a little bit, okay?
TEXEN: ...
What in hell are you two doing?
AELITA: Just mind your business, Texen. We'll be done in a moment.
TEXEN: You're busy.... touching my walls?
You should be touching something else, babe.
AELITA: I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
AELITA: ...!
Here! I feel... warmth...
Texen, how far is your gym into the mountain?
TEXEN: What is the meaning of all these questions? What do they have to do with anything?
We have business to attend to, and I want to attend to them damnit!
AELITA: Please, just answer the question.
TEXEN: It's about two stories high, and about half a mile inwards.
AELITA: Heh, that's just perfect then.
All right, you don't need to mind me anymore. Just go along with your battle.
TEXEN: You two are officially the weirdest people I've ever met.
AELITA: Remember, rough up this arena as much as possible.
Specifically the top right corner of the room. If you catch my drift.
TEXEN: Are you seriously back to lose again?
Fine, I'll give you another shot, but only because you're so fun to beat up.
TEXEN: I have no fuckin' clue what that was about, and frankly I just don't really care.
We have stuff we need to settle!
Hang on tight because you're about to be blown away.
Wait, this can't be right!
TEXEN: Why the fuck are you talking to me? Don't we have bid'ness?
What the hell is wrong with you two?!
Are you trying to battle me, or are you trying to kill me?
Because you are the roughest battler I've ever seen and frankly you ruined my battlefield!
AELITA: What do you mean? I think we did wonders on the place.
I mean, look at those cracked walls! The scuffed floors..
I actually think we did you a favor, right \PN?
TEXEN: If you think you're going to get into the mountain like this, you're sadly mistaken, Aelita!
No, in fact, I think it'll be better if you stayed here and cleaned up this place!
TEXEN: D-Did the room just shake uncontrollably??
TEXEN: M-My beautiful face...!
AELITA: \PN! Follow me, quickly!
TEXEN: Huh...?! What's going on? What did you two do?
AELITA: Uh this is just me, but I think you might want to back off a bit.
TEXEN: Wh-What?
AELITA: Get out of the way!
Yes
No
[Map215]
VENAM: Thank the heavens, we're not too late!
What were you thinking?! Why would you just leave us like that?
Stuff like this is why things go wrong! You gotta-
???: What are you doing here?
VENAM: HUH?!
VENAM: Why are there two of you?!
Argh, my head can't take this...
ZOROARK: Zorrraooo!!
MELIA: I told you not to follow me, Venam. Why can't you listen for once?
VENAM: And why can't you understand that we're just trying to help!
What do you honestly think is going to happen if you go through with this alone?
Newsflash, you're gonna lose.
MELIA: I'm not doing this alone. I have Hapi and my other Pokemon.
I was planning on tricking them with Zoroark's Illusion ability.
VENAM: I admit that's a smart idea, but what you did is still really frustrating.
And you might think that doing this alone is for the best, but it's not!
MELIA: I... I just didn't want anyone else to get hurt because of me.
And I know I've said that before, but it's true.
VENAM: Put aside your pride for a sec and let us help!
If we all put our strength together, we can pull this off!
We can kick Team Xen's ASS while saving Nim. Just involve us!
MELIA: Venam... You're always there to call me out on my stupidity.
And I admit, I was stupid for thinking I would be able to do this.
Okay, I'll explain the plan once we're in position. The Summit is just ahead.
VENAM: Alright, let's go!
VENAM: Yeah... She actually did it. She opened this door.
The mark on this giant door was blacked out before, but now it's brimming with color.
How'd she do it though? Obviously she knew how to do it.
By the way, do you feel that? It feels like a cool breeze...
Let's go see what's behind this thing already.
VENAM: She opened the door. She actually did it.
The question is... how'd she do it?
Do you feel that, \PN?
It feels like a cool breeze, and it's coming straight out of this door.
Well, no use just staring in awe, right?
I bet you're curious to see what's behind it too.
Let's not starve our curiosity any longer!
... Or maybe we should. Curiosity killed the Meowth, after all.
Screw it. Let's go.
This crystal is devoid of energy.
This crystal is brimming with fierce anger.
The mountain started to heat up!
VENAM: Did you hear that noise? It was like something opened!
The only thing in this room that was locked was that huge door...
Man, I've got a bad feeling about this.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
This crystal is brimming with calmness.
The mountain started to cool down...
[Map216]
Now this is what I'm talking about! This is what I missed!
SCYTHER: Sytha!
Scyther is cutting away at dead shrubbery and rotten wood.
If we're going to create a place for trainers to learn how to fish properly, we're going to have to put together a curriculum.
So me and the other guy are coming up with things. It'll take a bit, but it's worth it!
MARISSA: Now trainers will be able to fish for Pokemon whenever!
Goldenwood Forest... I used to come here when I was small.
Everything's so different now.
ADRIENN: Great job as always everyone! We're more than half way done now.
Just one more step until we're completely done with the restoration!
Well, technically two, but that last one is a little bit special.
Marissa, Edward, James, \PN, you all were marvelous.
Oh, but where are those two? The architect and the Conkeldurr, I mean.
EDWARD: As soon as they finished he said he had to get back to Terajuma ASAP.
ADRIENN: I see... I was hoping I could thank them personally, but it can't be helped.
Anyway, for the fishermen, you know what your job here will be, correct?
FISHERMAN: Teach new trainers how to fish for Pokemon, easy!
ADRIENN: That's exactly right, thank you.
Since we're all on the same page, I guess we can just get back to work.
But as always...
Go team!
ADRIENN: \PN! We're almost done! Just a little more left!
ADRIENN: We only have one step left to complete.
We have the main course set up, but this place is looking a little shabby, isn't it?
This is where everything falls into place. We're going to touch up this area and make it a bit prettier.
We're going to need 7 Tiny Mushrooms, $68,000, one Poliwag and one bag of Stardust.
After all of that is gathered, we'll have every piece!
ADRIENN: What would you like to submit?
\GADRIENN: We'll be needing about $68,000 to pay our workers and gather resources.
\GAre you ready to contribute?
\GADRIENN: Thank you! We have enough money for the third step in the process!
ADRIENN: Understandable. Please come back when you've gathered enough!
ADRIENN: Sorry, but you don't have enough money...
ADRIENN: We already have enough funds for the second step of the project.
ADRIENN: We already have enough Tiny Mushrooms, thanks!
ADRIENN: Alright, you have the 7 Tiny Mushrooms! I'll be taking those...
That's one thing taken care of. Thank you!
ADRIENN: Hm... It looks like you don't have enough.
Remember that we need 7 Tiny Mushrooms.
When you've gathered all 7, please come back.
ADRIENN: We already have enough Stardust, thanks!
ADRIENN: Alright, I'll take that off your hands...
Come back when you have some Stardust!
ADRIENN: Whenever you get your hands on a Poliwag, please come see me.
ADRIENN: Excellent! We now have enough Poliwag. Thank you!
ADRIENN: We'll be needing your help! But please, take your time.
ADRIENN: Tiny Mushrooms can be found on certain wild Pokemon, such as Paras and Morelull.
Check your Pokedex if you wanna know where to find those.
ADRIENN: Poliwag is a tad bit rare in this region, isn't it?
I remember hearing that someone knowledgeable about Poliwag exists on Route 3.
Stardust can be found on wild Staryu. I hear Staryu can be found on Terajuma!
ADRIENN: Let's see here...
You've gathered all of the Tiny Mushroom we need!
We don't have the Tiny Mushrooms needed to spruce this place up a bit.
We have the Poliwag we need!
We still need at least one Poliwag.
The funds needed to continue the project has been gathered!
We still need to gather funds for resources and paying our workers.
You've gathered all of the Stardust needed!
We don't have any Stardust.
ADRIENN: Goodness! We have everything we need to continue the project!
Well then, let's get started! This'll be a group effort!
\PN, Adrienn, Scyther, Marissa, James, and Edward got to work... For the last time!
ADRIENN: Come back when everything's been successfully gathered!
JAMES: I wonder what Adrienn and Jan has in store for us next?
I'm ready to work! Just set me in the right direction!
"Goldenwood Cave."
Wispy Path - East.\nGoldenwood Cave - North.
EDWARD: I kinda wish I was just starting so that I could experience this place for the first time again...
Who knows? Maybe I'll just start over.
We're going to make this place beautiful! Just you watch!
Restoration
Any tips?
Progress
Nevermind
What's the goal?
I want to submit something!
Money ($68,000)
Tiny Mushroom (7)
Stardust
More
Yes
No
Poliwag
Tiny Mushrooms?
Poliwag?
Stardust?
[Map217]
Now this is what I'm talking about! This is what I missed!
FISHERMAN: We've put in a lot of work, but it's not over yet!
Yay! We're finally here! Goldenwood Park! Goldenwood Park!
If we're going to create a place for trainers to learn how to fish properly, we're going to have to put together a curriculum.
So me and the other guy are coming up with things. It'll take a bit, but it's worth it!
REPORTER: Adrienn! Fairy-Type Leader of Reborn City!
It is an honor to meet you!
ADRIENN: Thank you! It's an honor to be here!
REPORTER: Now, I know this has been in the works for a while...
Tell me, what gave you the idea to bring this place up from the ashes?
ADRIENN: Oh, actually this wasn't my idea at all.
I wasn't involved in the production of this plan, either.
If I recall correctly, this idea was pitched by a resident of East Gearen City.
REPORTER: O-Oh, I see! So, who was the one who presented the idea?
ADRIENN: I think Jan said it was some old woman and her Furfrou.
She was pretty adamant on the idea.
Saying "Where else would I be able to bring my darling Furfrou?".
And "I want to go back to where that Team Xen gentleman flirted with me for the first time".
REPORTER: W-Well, if you weren't behind the idea, and you weren't behind the actual construction...
Then just who are you then??
ADRIENN: I mainly just supervised and made sure things were going exactly as Jan outlined.
So I practically just-
REPORTER: Alright, alright, that's enough! Cut! Cut the recording!
CAMERAMAN: Ugh, really? We were getting good footage!
ADRIENN: I'm sorry, is there a problem?
REPORTER: Did you know that I gave up my vacation at the Hano Grand Resort for this interview?
That I gave up my week of relaxing on the beach with a Froslass Lass Cocktail with extra salt and a cherry on top?!
That I gave up my massage from the Machoke Masseur at 3 pm ON. THE. DOT?
ADRIENN: ...I'm afraid I don't-
REPORTER: Everyday I wake up at 5 am and walk into my office absolutely hating myself. Do you want to know why?
Because I really, really hate my job! I hate this job. I hate this cameraman. I hate everyone who ever walked on the face of THIS. PLANET!
And you know what else I hate? I hate it when people like you make me skip out on my vacation days, JUST to waste my time.
So, darling, if you'd do me a favor and be more interesting, that'd be swell.
Just smile, wave, and tell us about how you did all this by yourself! Understand?
ADRIENN: That's not how-
REPORTER: Awesome! Let's start over, from the top!
CAMERAMAN: Okay! Live in\| 3, \|2, \|1-
REPORTER: Gyah!!?
CAMERAMAN: Huh? What's the matter?
ADRIENN: Huh?!
CAMERAMAN: Wh-What? What's the matter?
CAMERAMAN: O-Oh...
GRUNT: Adrienn, Fairy Leader of Reborn City...
I shall make you an offer you cannot refuse.
Join Team Xen's endeavor. Bring our plans to fruition!
ADRIENN: So this is Team Xen? Never thought I'd see them in person.
But if you think I'm going to join just because you asked, then you have another thing coming.
GRUNT: Heh... Don't take me for a fool. I knew from the beginning that you would resist.
But I'm afraid... You don't have a say in this.
ADRIENN: Urgh... What are you doing? Let me go you... you...
GRUNT: Stop struggling so much. You're going to make me drop you.
ADRIENN: That's kind of what I want anyway, so...
REPORTER: Team Xen is attacking the park after it's finally rebuilt?
Now that's a story!
Be sure to film this! This is the scoop of the century!
GRUNT: Now that's cute. You think you'll be enough to stop me?
And what are you going to do? One false move and you hit Adrienn instead.
We don't want that now do we?
???: Accelerock!
AYA: Adrienn, \PN, are you two okay?
ADRIENN: Thanks, I'm okay. That just caught me off guard.
AYA: That's good. What about you?
...
Yeah, I totally got what you were saying there.
We should probably take care of this one, right?
ADRIENN: Right. Let's send Team Xen a message.
GRUNT: Rrgh... Requesting backup!
AYA: If we lose this we'll look like idiots. So let's not lose focus, okay?
ADRIENN: Don't have to tell me twice!
The... The unthinkable has happened!
GRUNT3: They're too strong for us... Trainers this strong exist?
We've failed our mission... That means...
GRUNT2: Let's retreat for now! No use to stay around here.
ADRIENN: Quick, Florges, Moonblast!
FLORGES: Florrgaa!
GRUNT2: Retreat!
ADRIENN: Great job, Florges. Your aim is as true as ever.
AYA: Yeah, nice shot.
ADRIENN: And as for you... Looks like your comrades abandoned you.
So sorry, but we're going to have to take you in for questioning.
GRUNT:\ts[1] Aheheheh... And what good would that do?
\ts[1]You all have no idea what's even happening.
\ts[1]What's going to happen to...\| me...
AYA: You're going to jail, that's what's going to happen.
GRUNT:\ts[1] I'm... already in a prison... Do as you like...
I've decided to move from Phasial Cave and watch the Poliwag here instead.
Now that they've been introduced into the environment, they seem to be increasing in number!
GIRL: I want your Poliwag for my Dunsparce!
MARISSA: I suppose now that this project is done, I'll be heading back to Kristiline Town...
Or perhaps I'll stay here for the rest of my days?
SCYTHER: Sytha!
Scyther is cutting away at dead shrubbery and rotten wood.
Goldenwood Forest... I used to come here when I was small.
Everything's so different now.
REPORTER: Alright, let's get this over with.
POLIWAG: Poliwag!
AYA: The nature here is nice... It's like... always Autumn here, or something.
BOY: No way! I want your Pineco!
ADRIENN: Thanks to everyone's efforts, this place has been completely redone!
We've worked so hard. So hard to get this place back up and running.
Sincerely, from the bottom of my, Jan's-- No, everyone in Aevium!
Thank you!
But even though we're done with the reconstruction, there's still one last thing that needs to be done.
MARISSA: One last thing...? What could that be?
ADRIENN: We've reconstructed this place for many trainers and non-trainers alike to enjoy.
But just reconstructing a place isn't enough.
We have to make it known that this place is better than it ever used to be!
That's why we're hosting an event for this place.
The grand opening of\| Goldenwood Park!
EDWARD: G-Grand re-opening?!
MARISSA: Goldenwood Park? Oh, that does have a nice ring to it!
ADRIENN: That's right. The guys down by the lab in Gearen already got everything set up.
People should be arriving within the hour. We have to show off what we've worked so hard on!
So everyone, get your game face on! It's time to celebrate!
???: Are you kidding me?
They went all out for some stupid forest?
This person is extremely interesting, though. What was their name? Adrienn?
Adrienn from the Reborn Region... Their skill is captivating.
Something we could use for Team Xen's benefit.
Adrienn... You shall be ours.
JAMES: I wonder what Adrienn and Jan has in store for us next?
It feels good to be back after Team Xen attacked this place and trampled my flowers...
But this time I'm back with a whole bunch more to offer!
I'm ready to work! Just set me in the right direction!
CAMERAMAN: Hey could you, uh, not bother me right now?
We're about to film a report on the rebirth of Goldenwood Forest!
DUCKLETT: Quack!! Quack!!
"Goldenwood Cave."
FISHERMAN: I can't believe we've come this far!
Now isn't this place wonderful? The aroma of the flowers in this area is captivating!
Wispy Path - East.\nGoldenwood Cave - North.
EDWARD: Everything's done now, huh? I wonder what I'll do next...
Who knows? Maybe I'll just start over.
FISHERMAN: The work we've put in really shows!
After so long I've finally brought my son all the way to this park.
Frankly, I hope he enjoys it because I don't think we'll come here too often.
A two hour train ride every day? I don't think so...
We're going to make this place beautiful! Just you watch!
Learning how to fish is really difficult... But I want a Goldeen now!
[Map218]
HUEY: Lavender, what happened to you? Are you okay? Speak to me!
LAVENDER: ...Huff....huff...
HUEY: She's barely breathing...
Lavender, where is your asthma pump? Do you have it on you?
Ugh, I can't just stand here and do nothing! We have to call the paramedics!
The sound of the stream of water behind me is so soothing.
It's so nice knowing that you can walk out here and be completely safe.
Sorry kid, we're experiencing INTENSE power failures in this area.
We're not allowing any civilians or tourists to proceed past this point.
???: Stop.
???: What is your business in Grand Dream City?
What is your name?
???: \PN? That feeling you just gave off...
When was the last time you've been checked by a doctor?
My name is Isha. I am the Head Doctor at The Hospital of Hope.
I require to see you at my offices someday.
Until then, don't do anything stupid.
Don't expect to get into Axis High University, either.
You've heard of the power issues this city has been experiencing, correct?
The school is experiencing exceptionally massive issues with its power. No new visitors are allowed.
We shall meet again.
GLAMEOW: Mrooaw!
NURSE: Thank you for calling us. We'll get Lavender to the Hospital of Hope immediately.
HUEY: Lavender... you're going to be okay.
Please, let me go with you all.
NURSE: I'm sorry, but there's no space for you in the truck.
We already have another patient in this vehicle.
I'm afraid you'll need to get there on your own.
HUEY: I... I understand. Please take good care of Lavender.
NURSE: That is our job.
HUEY: I just... How did all of this happen?
We all went to bed safely that night and we all were fine.
How did it all get to this point?
I wish Rune were here... She'd know what to do.
I'm going to head back to the apartment. I don't feel like being out today.
Hey, did you know that Strong Winds prevent Flying-Type Pokemon to take Super-Effective damage?
Imagine all the strategies that can form from something like wind!
Rhodea works closely with Cassandra so that we can live our life to the fullest.
I'll always be grateful for those two.
HUEY: Lavender?!
Just hold on for a moment!
Aw geez... What's happenin' now?
I'll be taking part in the annual tournament during the Festival of Dreams!
A tournament of 100 participants! Only one will make it to the top and win the grand prize!
No one's allowed past this point. Beat it.
XARA: Why did you call me here?
RISA: You know, a lot of people would detest being out so late.
Especially when GDC is undergoing storms to simulate the spring season.
Not me though, I think it's wonderful.
RISA: *Cough* *Cough*!
XARA: You shouldn't be in the rain... You should be in a hospital bed.
Where they can take care of you, and help you with your illness.
RISA: ...There's no helping me anymore. I've accepted it.
XARA: Risa...\| How could you say such a thing?
RISA: ...
XARA: This isn't fair to you.
You're still out doing concerts. You're still out greeting your fans.
You're letting Mr. Blakeory exploit you. He isn't even helping you with hospital bills!
But you know what? I've been doing these things! Your best friend!
Because I love you, and I don't want you to die just yet-
RISA: I know Mr. Blakeory is exploiting me.
I know he just wants me to bring him in some last minute cash before I die.
But I don't want to sit in a bed all day and wait for my last breath to come.
I wanna be out there on stage. Bringing joy and happiness to everyone.
\sh\c[7]XARA: You're killing yourself!
Do you not realize how you can barely stand right now?!
You're out here in the rain telling me all this bullshit about wanting to make other people happy...
What about your happiness?! At this rate, it's all over and I can't take it...
Watching you deteriorate day by day is killing me as well!
RISA: Xara...
XARA: Maybe I'm being a hypocrite too. But I just can't stand it.
XARA: If you want to die then just...\| Then just leave me out of this.
RISA: Xara, I'm-
XARA: Just leave me alone.
RISA: Xara, I just-
XARA: I said leave me alone!
XARA: R-RISA! Oh my--
RISA: *Cough* *Wheeze* *Cough*...
XARA: I'm s-so sorry. I didn't even know you were right behind me, I'm...
RISA:\ts[1] Haha...\| You barely pushed me, but it looks like my body was at its limit...
XARA: I'm... I'm so sorry, Risa! We need to get you help right now!
RISA:\ts[1] Do you remember that dream we had once?
\ts[1]We would be friends forever and be old and stupid...
\ts[1]We'd take that retirement vacation to Kalos and be happy...
XARA: Risa...!
RISA:\ts[1] P-Perhaps, in the next life... We may get that chance...
XARA: N-NO! Stay with me! We can still go! The future is ours, remember?!
RISA:\ts[3] The future is...\| Ours...
\sh\c[7]XARA: RISA!\| RISA WAKE UP!!
\sh\c[7]DON'T LEAVE ME ALONE...
\sh\c[7]RISSAAAA!!!
Why can't you kids just behave like normal people?
Fufufufufu... Once I get enough money I'll success-
What is your deal? You like creeping around women at night? The nerve.
Get lost, kid. There's no business for you here.
I'm here because I want to make something of myself.
Living in Goldenleaf Town wasn't going to get me anywhere.
[Map219]
"7171 | Griselda locked us away. We refused to help her fight.
She killed one of the Kingdom's leaders. The Seven Kingdoms are now only five.
She broke the alliance. What have we done? What have we done?"
MEW: Mew!!!
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
DUSKULL: Lost souls cannot be found. The fire that fuels us keep burning.
DUSKULL: This room was changed by an outsider. A trial awaits.
Are you prepared...?
A door opened up somewhere!
"???: Only when my truth is fully uncovered, will the final shackle be destroyed."
"0044 | The day of reckoning is upon us. Griselda has become a menace.
Our allies have turned against us. We've gone out of line.
Their march rings in our ears. This is the end, this is the end."
The bubble is almost about to burst! Just one more hit!
???: Wait, \PN! Don't-!
NARCISSA: \PN... \|What have you done?!
For you to come this far... How did you even get through the doors?
No, this isn't the time... Please, get ready.
???: Yarrghh! That was a nice sleep.
Reborn yet again, I have been. Dufaux is my name!
And may I say that it was so much easier to free myself than I thought it would be?
Flaunting a rare species of Pokemon as bait was an ingenious plan, yarhaha!
NARCISSA: ...
DUFAUX: Why so silent, Narcissa? I thought you'd be happy to see me?
How long has it been since our last encounter? 20? 30? 40 years?
Yes! Something along those lines, yes?
NARCISSA: \PN, I'm going to need your help destroying this abomination.
I don't know if we can do it, but we can't let him leave this tower!
DUFAUX: Destroy me? Weren't you at your strongest when you had your old Chandelure?
Yes that's right, the Chandelure that incidentally, I took down myself.
NARCISSA: Gh... \| It doesn't matter if I don't have my old Chandelure.
My new Pokemon are perfectly capable of defeating you!
DUFUAX: ...Perhaps with help, it is possible. Especially in my current state.
Ah! Then I've decided that I shall take my leave! But we shall see each other again very soon, I'm sure!
NARCISSA: Stop!
NARCISSA: I know you can't be held completely accountable for this.
However, what's done is done, and since you're part of the cause, we're going to have to work together.
Long ago, soon after the Calamity fell upon this region, Dufaux appeared in what was known as Goldenleaf Village.
He ravaged through everything. My Chandelure and I were able to stop him, but...
My Chandelure was terminally injured. I buried it at Amethyst Cave, where I first found it.
Even though I could stop him, I wasn't strong enough to completely destroy him.
So I trapped Dufaux in a bubble of energy on the top floor of this abandoned tower...
And created the trial you've gone through to keep out anyone from trying to enter.
Truth be told, this event was inevitable. That bubble I created couldn't hold him back forever.
It was only a matter of time before Dufaux became strong enough to escape.
But until I've found and destroyed him, finally, I cannot stay put in Goldenleaf Town.
As a result, I hereby temporarily resign until this mission is complete.
Please be careful, \PN. I hope things will be able to be resolved quickly.
Good luck.
DUSKULL: The Queen was filled with greed. That was our downfall.
...
DUSKULL: Knowledge will open the way.
This bubble is surging with energy! It looks like something is trying to escape.
Do you want to burst the bubble?
ROTOM: Raoo!
Rotom is staring at you intensely...\| Battle with Rotom?
Rotom attacked!
"6677 | We, the Ghovora Kingdom, have united with the Kasura, Xervah, and Yvven Kingdoms to ensure our survival.
But Griselda got close with the King of the Zigara Kingdom, Ieisel.
Ieisal, known for his proficiency in black magic... Will he provide for us?"
"9043 | Following the fall of Ieisel, Griselda made us recreate his creation.
But we weren't skilled enough. Failure followed, and so did..."
SPECTOR: Fancy meeting you here again, \PN. Are you interested in the castle's secrets too?
People used to say that they felt a strong evil presence whenever they walked within this castle.
While I can definitely say that something evil did in fact reside here... It seems to have gone away.
Is that a good thing, or a bad thing? I wonder...
Can you feel it? That presence?
It's definitely a malicious one, but... it's sort of sad too?
I can't really explain it, but it resides at the top of the tower.
Actually, Narcissa told me not to come here. It's unfortunate that my curiosity is too strong for my own liking.
Anyway, I think I'm going to head to Narcissa's Gym now. I want to explore it for myself.
See you again, \PN.
DUSCLOPS: Passage...? Provide the correct book code.
"The day of reckoning."
DUSCLOPS: That is correct...
"The alliance with the Zigara Kingdom."
"Power's control. Kingdom's shall fall."
"Failure followed, and so did..."
"Seven Kingdoms, now five. The broken alliance."
DUSCLOPS: That is correct... Everthing is correct. You have earned the right of passage.
But the trials do not end here... One final test awaits you.
DUSCLOPS: That is incorrect...
Open the chest?
???: The final meeting between my sisters and I.
The end of a legacy. The end of a family. All within one moment.
I shall allow you to see what I saw. You shall share my burden.
GRISELDA: Ahaha...
So perfect, so incomprehensible... So beautiful~...
My beautiful crests... Oh, how I adore your power...!
SPACEA: ...
TIEMPA: ...
SPACEA: I hope you're aware of what you've done, Griselda.
GRISELDA: What have I done, Spacea? Please, enlighten me.
TIEMPA: You went against the alliance! Everything we've worked so hard to attain!
Who gave you the right to attack the Kasura Kingdom?!
GRISELDA: Oh, but don't you understand? The only reason we joined that alliance was for protection.
But now there's no need for such formalities. Because of King Ieisel, I've gotten my hands on Crests.
Their power makes my army absolutely unstoppable.
TIEMPA: But why?! We've already taken care of the one who threatened all of us. There's no reason to fight.
GRISELDA: You know why they fought, correct? They wanted\c[6] the Archetype's power!
And now that they're gone, who's going to be next?!
Greed lives in the hearts of all humans! It consumes each and every one of us.
Kasumi ruled her Kingdom as if she did not want to fight, but deep down she held lust for the Archetype too.
If true peace is to be attained, then it must be through me!
SPACEA: We have-
GRISELDA: What do you mean "we"?! Have you both not become rulers of your own kingdoms far from here?
Spacea, Queen of the Kingdom of Space. Tiempa, Queen of the Kingdom of Time.
Two kingdoms that have no part in this war. You have no say in this matter.
TIEMPA: Though it may be true, we still reign from Ghovora. This is still our home.
And we will not allow our home to fall because of your paranoia.
GRISELDA: Then begone! Traitors! Traitors! All who defy the Queen shall meet the same fate!
SPACEA: We are not traitors to the crown. We have not defied you.
GRISELDA: Then what have you done but waste my time?
I will not stop until this region is mine. Only THEN will peace truly exist.
TIEMPA: I think we've heard enough.
SPACEA: Absolutely.
GRISELDA: Then leave... And don't return until you've had a change of heart.
SPACEA: She's left us no choice. We're going to have to go through with it.
TIEMPA: She won't listen to reason. It's what has to be done.
"3645 | Griselda's sisters, Spacea and Tiempa have gathered in the court.
Griselda has become obsessed with Ieisel's inventions.
Her sisters pleaded with her. Do not become consumed by its power.
For soon the power itself will have control. Kingdoms shall fall."
Yes
No
[Map220]
FISHERMAN: Welcome! I am the Fishing Expert!
I'm here to teach new trainers how to fish.
What about you? Do you need help?
Ah, but you've been a trainer for a long time, yes?
But that does not mean you're a fishing expert.
There is still much for you to learn!
Please come back later! I shall have a suitable test for you then!
Locked.
[Map221]
AELITA: These machines look really familiar, but I can't put my finger on it.
MELIA: Really? I wonder if Team Xen has anything to do with this.
AELITA: Right! These things look like the equipment found in the Xen Lab!
In fact, all of the debris in this area looks like it's from there.
MELIA: Xen Lab?
AELITA: \PN and I raided it a few months back now.
At the end, this girl named Crescent appeared and blew the entire place up.
Maybe debris from the explosion landed down here, or something.
MELIA: Sounds likely to me--
MELIA: Wait, did you just say Crescent blew up the Xen Lab?
AELITA: ...Yeah, do you know her?
MELIA: ...
That's a conversation for a place that is... Not here.
AELITA: Gotcha. Let's keep going, team.
GASTRODON: Oruuaaaa!!!
MUDKIP: Mud. Kip.
Mudkip ran off somewhere!
...!
It's another ancient book!
You already have one, so you left this one alone.
MELIA: This place seems to be much larger than I originally anticipated. This will be interesting.
AELITA: This huge place was behind Sheridan this whole time? Who would've known?
MELIA: Crawli's somewhere in these wetlands?
AELITA: Dunno where else he'd be. Rorim said it's somewhere here.
MELIA: ...It does kind of smell bad, doesn't it?
AELITA: Nature smells sometimes! It's all good!
If you don't like it then let's use that as motivation to do this fast!
MELIA: Right, let's get a move on then.
AELITA: I think it'd be fun!
MELIA: Uh... Sorry, have to pass on that one guys.
I just... I can't look past the smell.
AELITA: \PN's right. We should get going right away!
MELIA: Gotcha.
This Den is old and decrepit... It's lost all of its luster.
Throw in some Red Essence?
How much Red Essence?
\PN threw down 1,000 Red Essence.
You don't have enough...
\PN threw down 5,000 Red Essence.
\PN threw down 15,000 Red Essence.
You left the Den alone.
Perhaps this den will become activated with some Red Essence?
The Den seems to be brimming with energy! All it needs is a Rift Fragment...
Throw down a Rift Fragment?
\PN threw down a Rift Fragment!
\PN left the Den alone...
The Den seems to becoming more energized...
It's got a small bit of energy in it!
It's got a great bit of energy in it!
It's got an incredible amount of energy in it!
\PN got 1000 Red Essence!
...
Oh?
Something came out of the Den Beldum was in...
\PN got 500 Red Essence!
MELIA: These piles of debris are highly concerning.
AELITA: Hey... These machines look really familiar...
Mudkip seems to be tired of running around.
Battle Mudkip?
Mudkip stares at you.
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
It smells here...
Let's have a picnic!
Crawli needs our help.
Yes
No
1,000 Red Essence.
5,000 Red Essence.
15,000 Red Essence.
[Map222]
AELITA: Yeah, this is a Xen base if I've ever seen one...
MELIA: For sure. Something's not right here.
???:\ts[1] K.....p......i......u....
AELITA: Hey, \PN, Melia... Did you hear that?
MELIA: Sounded like someone was talking...
Let's team up and take down Team Xen! They can't be up to anything good.
AELITA: Yeah!
REN: Hurry it up, guys. If we don't get everything moving we're gonna get scolded by Nastasia.
These data files need to make their way to the Grand Dream City branch, stat.
MELIA: It can't be...\| Ren?!
REN: Yeah, that's me. What do you want?
\sh\c[7]REN: Wh-What?!
I... What's going on here!?
MELIA: Ren... I don't understand... You're working with Team Xen?
REN: How...? How are you alive?! Melia, you're alive!
If you're alive, that means...\|\c[6] That means she lied to me!
\sh\c[7]MELIA: Ren, what are you doing working with Team Xen?!
MELIA: After everything they've done... You'd betray all of us like this?!
AELITA: Is this what you meant when you said you wanted to become stronger?
REN: I...
MELIA: Is that all you have to say for yourself?!
REN: Melia, you don't understand...
MELIA: Then please explain it to me! Please explain everything!
MELIA: Ren, you coward! Get back here!
MELIA: ...
Of course the teleport pad is offline now.
AELITA: Uh... Melia? Are you okay?
MELIA: I think I'm a little far from "okay", but...
W-We're not here for Ren. Crawli is somewhere in here and needs our help.
We shouldn't get sidetracked.
AELITA: I've worked with Ren in the past. I know he was a little misguided, but.
Something about all of this just isn't right.
Again, let's focus on our mission first. We can talk to Ren later.
AELITA: Okay.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
I'm a new recruit, but I won't let that affect anything!
I can't believe I failed my first mission...
How did I even end up in this situation? I'm not too sure...
MELIA: Looks like the arrows on the floor move you automatically when you step on them.
It'll probably get too hectic if we travel together here.
We should move through the factory individually.
How did you find this factory?
I thought no one was supposed to know about this place?
Even though I have been defeated, Nastasia and Ren shall carry us through!
Hold on, lemme take a pic of this moment!
You moved too quickly! Now the photo is ruined!
You suck at taking pictures, you know that?
AELITA: To think Ren would go this far just for power...
Maybe... Maybe Narcissa was wrong about him.
Where did you even come from?
If you joined us, you would totally be in our ranks.
Consider it at least?
VIGOROTH: Vig...
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
Personally, I think you should just stop. It's ruining my perfect figure!
Looks like I'm all bent out of shape...
The perfect X pose. It's all ruined!
We're here to collect what's ours! Don't try and stop us!
I wasn't able to stop you, but at least I slowed you down!
Nastasia should be done any moment now...
It seems to be a model of some sort of cocoon...
Those who defy Team Xen shall be eliminated!
Such a threat exists? What will we do about this?
Just stay out of Team Xen's way!
Panels somewhere in this factory have changed...
NASTASIA: Hey, Ren? Could you do me a solid?
Could you please stop prancing around the room like that? It's annoying.
I'm trying to gather all this data before we book it out of here.
REN: And could you do me a favor and leave me alone? I'm absolutely livid.
I just... I just need to think for a second.
NASTASIA: Sigh...
Ren, why are you livid? Is it because you ran into your old friends?
Is that why? Is that why you're annoying me right now?
REN: No, I was lied to by... someone.
NASTASIA: Get over it.
REN: No, Melia was alive this whole time!
NASTASIA: We've known Melia was alive for quite some time, actually.
REN: Wait, you knew?! You knew this whole time and you didn't let me know?!
NASTASIA: Of course I knew.
REN: Why didn't you tell me?!
NASTASIA: Because it doesn't concern you. Not like it matters anyway.
Once we've gotten all of the data from Madelis' program, we're out of here.
And by Madelis' program, I of course mean her Shadow Pokemon project.
REN: I still don't understand the point of Shadow Pokemon.
It seems like you guys don't even care if they get snagged or not.
NASTASIA: That's correct. It seems you aren't completely dense.
You're right, we couldn't care less if they get snagged or not.
Conversely, we're running out of them, so we need to provide our grunts with more.
REN: Whatever you say, Nastasia.
NASTASIA: Tch... Looks like \PN is about to get to us.
I'm not done downloading all the data we need, so I'm going to need you to distract \PN.
REN: \PN...
NASTASIA: Ren, take care of them! I don't have what I need quite yet!
REN: But... I-
Ugh... This is an absolute disaster.
\PN, just give me everything you've got!
Urk... But... I... I had no choice...
REN: You're still just as strong as I remember, \PN.
NASTASIA: Excellent, you bought me just enough time.
Let's get the hell out of here, Ren.
REN: R-Right, I'm right behind you.
MELIA: Ren, stop!
REN: M-Melia...!
MELIA: So that's it then? You're just going to keep running away from me?
REN: I don't want to have to run...\| But...
REN: I'm sorry, Melia. \PN.
AELITA: We can't let him escape!
MELIA: Ren... I trusted you!
It seems to be a book full of notes. It's titled "Yveltal's Demise".
Read?
"???: Yveltal. Height: 19'00. Weight: 447.5 lbs. Type: Dark/Flying. Ability: Dark Aura.
The Yveltal is the key. The Yveltal is how he knows.
Yveltal is how he spies. He stalks us."
There seems to be another section. Want to keep reading?
"???: Upon the death of Yveltal, it sucks the life force from every living thing around it and then reverts into a cocoon.
I believe that this\c[6] is his trap.
It's a fail safe. A way to get back if all else fails.
I have to find a way to destroy Yveltal while also preventing the impending doom that is a result of its own demise.
If I can do that, then I win."
Yes
No
[Map223]
NASTASIA: Is that really all you could muster, Crawli?
Laughably easy. I've fought better trainers in my dreams.
CRAWLI: ...
NASTASIA: You're weak, Crawli. And so are you, Ren.
To let \PN overpower you in the way that they did is inexcusable.
Remind me to teach you a few things later. There's no way you can go on being this weak.
Get on the train, Ren.
REN: Right...
NASTASIA: As for the rest of you, I must bid you adieu.
MELIA: No... I won't let you get away!
NASTASIA: What are you going to do about it?
Don't be ridiculous. I've defeated Crawli with no effort at all.
And there's no doubt he's stronger than all of you.
It would be a fruitless effort, but don't fret... We'll surely meet again.
Until then, do me a favor and stay out of my way.
CRAWLI: Sorry everyone, that was a poor display on my part.
AELITA: Don't worry about it, Crawli. Nastasia was just too strong.
MELIA: Besides, if there's something I do agree with Nastasia on...
It's that we'll definitely cross paths again. We'll beat here then.
CRAWLI: You're right. Just gotta keep positive and continue on.
By the way, how did you guys know I was here?
AELITA: Rorim! His phone got the distress call you sent out and we just so happened to be free to help.
CRAWLI: Wow, that went out? I'm surprised. This place has no signal.
Thanks. I appreciate the backup.
MELIA: It was the least we could do. That being said...
We should leave. Staying here will only amplify our bitter feelings.
Let's keep a clear head and keep on with our mission.
CRAWLI: Right.
\PN unlocked the door with the HQ Railnet Key!
Locked.
What er u doin in me swamp?
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
Yes
No
[Map224]
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Sarpa.
More info on Code: Sarpa is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
CARNIVINE: Carne!!
!egats eht teS !egats eht teS
CARNIVINE: Carn....
Nivine!!!
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
[Map225]
You can't win!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
ZETTA: Huh...? Wow, I'm impressed. Giratina couldn't handle \PN?
What good is a Legendary Pokemon if it can't even keep some kids in line?
MELIA: Everything about us is not of the ordinary, I'm sure you can agree.
ZETTA: I suppose you're right. Extraordinary conditions attract extraordinary people.
???: Zetta, your banter is embarrassing. Just let it go.
ZETTA: Sure, talk all you want, but I don't see you contributing anything at all!
???: You're not in the position to talk down to me. You're making a mess of things like usual.
GEARA: Look who decided to finally show their faces.
So, have you come to surrender yourself?
MELIA: No-
GEARA: That was rhetorical, I know you're not here to play nice.
And I gotta be honest, I prefer it this way.
MELIA: ...
GEARA: Oh, but you know how much I love to play to win.
Even if it means playing dirty.
GEARA: We've prepared a large amount of backup in secret.
They're ordered to stand by unless Zetta and I happen to be defeated.
So even if you win against us, there's no way you'll be able to take on everyone here.
Your fate was set the moment you stepped foot onto this infernal mountain.
Even still... With the odds stacked against us, we won't give up!
GEARA: You don't have to tell me twice. Zetta, let's finish this, finally.
MELIA: \PN... We can do this. We just have to put everything into it!
ZETTA: Wait... What?
ZETTA: ...
Ouch?
GEARA: What is going on here?!
GEARA: A reticle?! But-
GEARA: Giratina, Shadow Force, now!
???: Such a shame. I should've been faster.
JENNER: Geara, Geara, Geara... If you're not going to play fair, then all bets are off.
I refuse to sit idly by and continue to let you ruin lives.
This is my final stand too!
MELIA: But... Why?
VENAM: Are you guys seeing this?! Professor Jenner is going haywire!
MELIA: I thought he... I don't understand why he's doing this.
VENAM: It's because he loves you! Professor Jenner loves you, Melia!
JENNER: \PN, Melia, Venam!
JENNER: Take this opportunity to save your friend-- Nim, was it?
My Lock On and Zap Cannon may be slow, but its aim and power is true.
MELIA: I... Thank you for this.
Listen, I...-
JENNER: Please... My sins have not been forgiven just yet.
We don't have much time. Leave the rest to me. We'll have time to talk afterwards.
MELIA: O-Okay!\| Good luck!
JENNER: Geara, I can say with certainty that you are the most disgusting individual I've ever met.
Klinklang, let's give them one last show. Lock on!
VENAM: Hurry up! Hurry up! We're running outta time!
MELIA: I'm going as fast as I can! This thing is heavy!
MELIA: H-Huh? Wait a minute... This thing won't budge anymore... I think it's stuck...
VENAM: Wait... What's going on up there?\| Guys, look!
GEARA: I've had enough of this. You deserve a fate worse than death.
Professor Jenner.\| Burn.
JENNER: ...
JENNER: I'm sorry, Melia. I guess we don't have time after all.
Even in times of loss, please look to the future. Don't make the same mistake I have.
Even if all is lost here, there is hope in the future.
MELIA: No...!\| Dad!!!!
VENAM: This can't be happening... The Professor...
This is all Geara's fault!
ZETTA: ....Grgh...
ZETTA: What an awful shock. Where is everyone?
ZETTA: A-Ah, Geara!
GEARA: ...
*Beep*
VENAM: ...
\PN: ...
MELIA: No...
We've worked so hard... This isn't how this was supposed to go...
ZETTA: Geara, have you gone insane? What are you doing?!
GEARA: You've all lost. That's the price you pay.
I'm tired of the games. I'm tired of my goals being delayed by brats.
If you all are in my way, then there's only one option for you.
Come on over here and settle this, finally. We'll be waiting!
VENAM: Melia, wait-
MELIA: There's no point anymore. We should just defeat them once and for all.
That, at least, will save a lot of people in the long run.
So let's hurry up and just do this.
GRUNT: Tch... Are you serious? Fine, have it your way!
GRUNT: Annoying kid... This isn't what we were ordered to do!
MELIA: Zetta...
ZETTA: Hmph. Took you long enough.
And by the looks of things, you aren't here to surrender yourself?
Those poor Grunts didn't even see it coming.
MELIA: No, and I never plan on ever surrendering myself.
I will go down fighting till the bitter end.
ZETTA: Heh... But of course. That's just in our nature, isn't it?
MELIA: ...?
ZETTA: Just like you, I won't give up until the bitter end as well.
Let's even up the playing field!
MELIA: \PN!!!
VENAM: Melia, \PN is strong! Giratina's the one that's in trouble.
MELIA: Y-Yeah, you're right. We can't falter already!
ZETTA: Heh...
GIRATINA: Burrahh!!
Giratina disappeared somewhere...
MELIA: \PN, you're okay!
VENAM: I told you \PN would be alright. \PN's hard to get rid of.
MELIA: Yeah, you're right, but I couldn't help but worry...
I mean, it is a Legendary Pokemon... Giratina's power is something else.
Regardless, we're all here and ready to move on forward.
VENAM: Too bad Zetta's a coward and left us here with these grunts.
MELIA: He wouldn't fight us all outright. That's why he's trying to whittle us down with these lower grunts.
But what he didn't count on was the ton of supplies I stocked up on just before this.
MELIA: We gotta keep up this momentum. If we do, we may be able to rush them down.
Zetta and Geara's power is not to be taken lightly.
And Jenner may be up here as well. No clue if he'll actually attack us or not.
VENAM: Yeah, and also...
VENAM: Don't forget that this is a hostage situation. I bet they can drop Nim in that pool of lava whenever they feel like!
MELIA: Yeah... We're at a constant disadvantage. Just gotta remember.
GIRATINA: Gurrahh!!
ZETTA: Agh damn. What a beast.
Geara's captured it, but Giratina still acts on its own accord.
PROF JENNER: Just because you're captured doesn't mean you're compliant.
I would know first-hand.
ZETTA: What was that last comment?
PROF JENNER: That is the Legendary Pokemon Giratina.
Do you think a mere Pokeball could stop it from doing what it wants?
It's only here because it believes that there's a mutual benefit.
Or perhaps it wants to repay its debt to Geara for freeing it.
Either way, I don't expect it to stick around for too long.
ZETTA: Well aren't you just fascinating, Professor. So studious and intelligent.
But that's what I would expect from someone who's a Professor.
If you know everything then, Prof... Then tell me.
Is any of this truly worth it? Are we doing the right thing?
PROF JENNER: You should know that answer more than any of us.
Is any of this worth the turmoil we put people through?
What do you think? Melia was right. You are a monster...
ZETTA: Pfft... So you heard the whole thing then?
PROFJENNER: You should be more careful.
One may find it easy to plant a microphone on you or something.
ZETTA: You planted a mic on me? For what?!
PROFJENNER: Perhaps I wanted, or needed an incentive to push you off this cliff when you got back.
You've said terrible things to Melia, but I believe it will make her stronger.
\sh\c[7]ZETTA: You better watch your damn mouth, Jenner!
You know very well that you're on thin ice already, so don't make me report you to Geara.
PROF JENNER: ...
ZETTA: And answer me this. If I'm a monster, then what does that make you?
Don't you dare take the liberty to judge me after what you've done.
After what you put your own daughter through?!
PROF JENNER: Oh Zetta... I'm just like you. A monster.
But we're monsters in different ways.\| Aren't we?
Aren't we, Zetta?
ZETTA:\ts[1] Don't you fuckin' judge me.\| Professor Jenner...
MELIA: We're here...
VENAM: Valor Summit, huh...? Didn't think we'd see this place so soon.
Where do we even begin?
MELIA: With those two.
MELIA: There are two grunts guarding the staircase to the very top of the mountain.
VENAM: Dang, I was hoping we'd able to just walk in and fight.
It's kind of cheating to wittle down your opponent before they even arrive.
MELIA: Hm...
Actually, I'm going to try out an old trick Emma taught me.
VENAM: Emma?
MELIA: Oh, she's not a real person--\| Here, just take a look.
GRUNT1: And I was telling Geara that I didn't like mayonnaise because it was just too sour.
GRUNT2: Mm, yeah. I feel that. It's also hard to get out of your hair if-
Huh?
GRUNT1: Wait a minute, that's Melia, isn't it?
GRUNT2: Mm, no I think that's Maybele from that magazine I was reading earlier.
GRUNT1: Oh... Yeah she kinda does look like her. Get out of here, Maybele.
GRUNT2: Actually, on closer inspection... I think this is actually Melia!
GRUNT1: Yeah, I knew that... Melia! We've been waiting for you!
Zetta and Geara have been waiting up here for ages-\| Wait, what?
MELIA: PrrrpprpaAAA!!!
VENAM: Wow, they fell for it!
MELIA: Of course they did. Are you surprised?
Besides, despite Zoroark's... interesting tendencies... He's usually really good at mimicking people.
Almost indistinguishable!\| Almost.
You've done well, Zoroark. Return!
VENAM: Hey, it'll be okay! Just gotta keep your eye on the prize.
MELIA: Y-Yeah, thanks guys.
Let's finish this.
VENAM: I'll kick their fuckin' heads off for what they've done to Nim and Jenner!
VENAM: I'll take care of these guys! You and Melia go on ahead!
I'm the weakest of the three... You guys need to be at full strength for the battle ahead...
Leaving in this state would be unwise...
MELIA: Geara... I have no words to express my extreme hatred towards you.
You are just absolutely... disgusting. For my Dad... For Nim...
We will defeat you here and now!
GEARA: Tch, if that's what you believe then I greatly welcome the challenge.
GEARA: Aw... Not so energetic anymore? What happened to your determination?
GEARA: C'mon now, you lost the moment you thought this all would end well for you.
Did you actually think saving Nim was a possibility?
MELIA: I just... wanted to do the right thing. I wanted to save my friend-
GEARA: Enough with the childish remarks. Wake up, this is reality.
On the off chance we failed on this Summit, I ensured that at least both sides would fail.
ZETTA: What?
GEARA: You noticed it, didn't you? When you tried to pull Nim back, the cable got stuck.
I designed the cable to become stuck at that point, and if anyone tried to force it to move...
A device I set up would snap the cable right in half.
ZETTA: You didn't tell me about that part!
This isn't what we agreed on-
GEARA: What we agreed on was to get Melia back to HQ. You won't complain when that happens, yes?
You'll get what you've fought so hard for. Isn't that what you want?
ZETTA: ...You've completely gone out of control.
GEARA: Wrong, actually, I'm in complete control!
That's how it's been from the start. It's why I find Jenner's little act to be so amusing.
To think he could turn the tide like that. It's so incomprehensible that it's just so funny!
I refuse to let it end here...
I.. uh...
MELIA: *Huff*...*Huff*... There. It's done, Geara, Zetta.
\PN and I defeated you both. There's nothing left for any of you.
VENAM: No more funny business either. You got no one else up here.
MELIA: \PN!
VENAM: Don't even think about it!
GEARA: You don't even have any Pokemon left. Stop acting like you matter here.
VENAM: Augh!!
MELIA: Stop! Let go of me!
GEARA: You may have won that battle, but do you have enough strength left to fight Giratina and help your friends?
I don't think so. So come compliantly.
GEARA: Zetta, are you just going to stand there and let me do all the work?!
ZETTA: Sorry.
MELIA: \PN! At least save \PN! I give up. I surrender!
GEARA: Why should I? If I let \PN burn here, then that's an annoying obstacle gone, too.
But it's a shame that the girl with purple hair will wake up here alone without any inkling of what transpired here.
Too bad, though. We're out of seats on this ride.
GEARA: Hurry up, Zetta. We don't have all day.
ZETTA: Yeah, yeah... I'm configuring the teleport coordinates.
This has to be perfect, or else something may go terribly wrong.
I already gave you a lecture on this before. So why-
GEARA: Just get it done.
VENAM: Urgh...
VENAM: Wha-
VENAM: (Oh... Got it...)
VENAM: Hey! Over here you assholes!
GEARA: Guess that annoying brat finally woke up--
GEARA: What the...?
VENAM: Aw... Are you okay? Looks like you saw a ghost!
MELIA: What...?
MELIA: \PN... You're alive!
ZETTA: That's impossible...You fell into that pit of lava!
There's... There's no way this is happening!
GEARA: Zetta, we're going to fight back one last time!
ZETTA: But we don't have much left, our Pokmon haven't recovered yet!
\sh\c[7]GEARA: ZETTA!
ZETTA: R-Right...
VENAM: Just try!
Yeah, I... I didn't know where else this would go.
...
MELIA: \PN... Venam! You saved me. I don't know how, but thank you...
VENAM: Uh, I didn't really do anything. \PN is the hero, not me.
GEARA: You... You're just one problem that won't go away!
But that's fine, I'll just have Giratina tear you apart each and every time.
???: That won't be necessary. I'll take care of things from here.
MELIA: C-Crescent?!
VENAM: You know her?!
ZETTA: Rguh?! It's you again... I won't be taken back to that world again!
CRESCENT: I don't remember allowing you to leave in the first place.
I was going to let you out early if you were on your best behavior, but it seems that thought process was a mistake.
I'm going to have to do something I really don't want to do, but c'est la vie.
Gothitelle, would you?
GOTHITELLE: Gothite!
ZETTA: ...?!
ZETTA: Let go of me!
GEARA: As if I would let this continue!
CRESCENT: You really want to be an issue too, Geara?
How hard is it to just behave yourselves these days? It's truly not difficult.
Don't worry, I brought a friend to deal with you too. Dranna, please teach this child a lesson.
GEARA: Mewtwo... Hey... Is that the same one that Madelis was experimenting on?!
DRANNA: My name is Dranna. I am no one's Mewtwo. I was prisoner for a while but no longer.
I am forever in Lady Crescent's debt for saving me at Carotos Mountain.
I shall serve her until my final breath.
And in doing that, I shall dispose of this putrid demon problem.
Giratina, your master has lost. There is no point in fighting us.
You are a slave no more. Escape this wretched mountain and live out the rest of your days.
GIRATINA: ...
GEARA: Y-You traitor...!
CRESCENT: Now, let's continue with this, shall we?
ZETTA: What are you doing to me?!
CRESCENT: You've been roaming this planet for far too long. You've forgotten your original purpose.
So don't worry, I'll make you remember your true form. That will humble you.
ZETTA: I don't understand. What are you talking abou-
ZETTA:\ts[1] No... How do you know...? No...\| No, please no!
ZETTA: Don't let her do it! I don't want to go back to that.
I've fought too hard to go back. I refuse! I refuse-- Don't let her do it!
CRESCENT: Look closely, children. Crescent is going to perform a magic trick.
This man's form is going to change before your very eyes.
ZETTA: Crescent, please! I'm begging you. Just let me off this once!
VENAM: This is... disturbing.
CRESCENT: This isn't disturbing.\| This is reality.
ZETTA: Nooooo!!!
MELIA: Zetta... was a Solosis?!
GEARA: What?!
VENAM: Unreal...
CRESCENT: Yes, my dear friends... This is the true form of Zetta.
When Melia was young, she was unfit for Madame X's plan...
As an alternative, and many years of experiments, Zetta was born from Melia's DNA.
Obviously, not everything Zetta was ended up being the same-- In fact, not even Zetta was compatible with their plans.
Instead of destroying him, as he was a failure, they decided to let him join as a member of Team Xen.
But of course, once a failure, always a failure. There's no saving grace here.
MELIA: This is what Zetta meant when he said he "Knew where he got it from".
Those words have bothered me for so long, and finally I understand.
CRESCENT: But of course. You two were brother and sister, practically.
Same blood, same DNA, different origins. That's all.
MELIA: Zetta... I wish... I wish you could've just talked to me about this.
CRESCENT: Hmph. Be it as it may, Zetta may try to reform eventually if left like this.
I think I'll take him with me. As a little souvenir.
CRESCENT: You'll be a great asset to my team, Zetta. Hehe.
GEARA: You're all batshit insane! Crazy! Nuts! Bonkers!
CRESCENT: I had a moment of peace when I forgot your existence, but here we are again...
CRESCENT: You know, there's something I've always wanted to say to Madame X, Geara.
And I believe a lot of us have the same sentiments, so would you please pass on a message?
I believe the phrase goes somewhere along the lines of...
Fuck off.
CRESCENT: Teleporter, activate. Destination, Team Xen HQ.
*Request Accepted*
DRANNA: And don't come back.
GEARA: Let's settle this. The games end here.
[Map226]
GRUNT: No! Not again! Are you cheating?!
I'm stubborn, I won't give up to you!
GRUNT: I thought there might've been more to this place, but I guess I was mistaken...
What's this cabin for anyway? I just thought it'd be a good spot to lay low in.
GRUNT: You can't actually be serious, right? Who would chase someone for a Bulbasaur?
It's just a couple of Bulbasaur! I'm sure that Ranger can breed more!
But you don't actually care about that, do you?
Fine, I'll just have to make you leave me alone then!
Uh...
GRUNT: No way... I lost to you?
Ugh, I don't even know who you are! Why are you even doing this?
Fine, just take the Bulbasaur and get outta my hair!
GRUNT: Are you serious? Are you just that stubborn?!
Time to head to the floor below!
GRUNT: Alright, all I gotta do is bring these to Madame X and then I'll be promoted to Admin!
And then I'll take her spot when she's not looking! It's genius!
GRUNT: What the?! Are you here for the Bulbasaur?
As if I'd just hand it over! Time to hide!
You feel like you're being watched...
GRUNT: What? You saw through my disguise?
Again, really? Augh, I'm going to hide again!
GRUNT: What? You found me again? No, this just won't do!
GRUNT: Sigh... found once again. I won't give up yet!
Time to hide!
Bah, this will never do! I must flee to the floor below!
[Map227]
ANABEL: The signal is behind this gate...
LOOKER: Hm... This gate looks strange. I don't think we can just break it down.
ANABEL: Looker, could you give me a lift? I'll continue things from here.
I should be able to reach if I'm just elevated a bit.
LOOKER: Chief, are you sure about this? You'll be in there all alone!
ANABEL: There's no need to worry, Looker. I have my Pokemon with me.
Besides, you should be able to give \PN a lift as well, yes?
LOOKER: I'm just worried about your well-being...
Especially with what happened before...
ANABEL: Please, Looker. We'll be careful. This needs to be done.
If things get too dangerous, \PN and I will retreat immediately.
LOOKER: Okay, I trust you.
ANABEL: This won't take long, Looker. I will promise you that.
LOOKER: Do you need me to give you a lift over the gate?
LOOKER: Please look after the Chief, \PN!
LOOKER: OK! I'll wait for you here then.
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
ERICK: Is this the spot that's causing you all trouble?
ANABEL: Yes, we can't all get in the labs at the same time because of it.
Did you bring that item I asked of you?
ERICK: Sure did, just wait a sec.
ERICK: There, this should be enough.
These gates cannot sustain themselves when exposed to light.
One flash of light with this device I created and it all crumbles away!
LOOKER: Looks like it, thanks Erick.
ANABEL: Sorry, Looker. We couldn't do much in there.
LOOKER: What happened?
ANABEL: There just wasn't anything we could really do.
We found the source of the signal, but it was locked behind this huge metal door.
We couldn't find any way to open it at all, so we decided it was best to head back.
LOOKER: It happens, Chief. We've still made incredible progress!
We should all head home for the day. We can pick up again tomorrow.
ANABEL: You're right... I'll see what we can do about this predicament overnight.
<ac>The next day...</ac>
LOOKER: Looks like we can't progress...
Yes
No
[Map228]
???: Oh... Are you the one who accepted my request?
Thank you so much for doing this! It means a lot to me.
My name is Novae. I'm a wandering trainer trying to find her worth in the world.
So basically I'm nothing special!
What's your name?
NOVAE: I see... So your name is \PN?
What a wonderful name that is. Shall we get started?
Good luck to you, \PN! May the stars shine upon us today!
Wow, I've never seen someone battle like that!
NOVAE: Wow, you sure are strong, \PN!
That was actually my first real battle with an actual trainer.
I practice mostly on wild Pokemon, so I freeze up whenever I try to battle actual people.
I'll get better as time goes on, so I'm not too worried about things.
Thank you so much for battling me, \PN. I hope we will meet again soon.
Floor?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Basement [Pool]
1F [Lobby]
2F [Casino/AP Center]
Cancel
[Map229]
AELITA: Hey, how are you guys holding up?
REN: Could be worse. What about you?
AELITA: Few Bladestar goons running around, nothing too bad.
Looks like they beat us here after all.
REN: I wouldn't be surprised if they're the ones behind the Spring being drained.
AELITA: Speaking of Bladestar, there are some coming this way!
Scratch that, a ton of them on the way!
???:\ts[1] R-Run awaaaaaaay!!!!!!!
AELITA: What was up with that?
GRUNT: Huff... Huff... R-Run! Run away! This place is...!
MACHINE: Intruder! Intruder! Intruder!
GRUNT: N-No, we're not intruding! We're just trespassing!
That has to mean something different in a different language, right? Believe me!
MACHINE: Executing!
GRUNT: DON'T EXECUTE! DON'T EXECUTE! I'LL PAY YOU!
REN: That Grunt just got deleted! What are these things?!
AELITA: Didn't you hear the intruder alerts? They must be the Pyramid's defense mechanism!
REN: What's an ancient Pyramid doing with a defense mechanism like this?!
AELITA: \PN!
Malfunctioning! Malfunctioning!
AELITA: Those things just won't go down!
AELITA: Ren, we need to help \PN out!
REN: Hold on \PN, I'm flying over there!
???: No need.\| I'll take care of these guys no problem!
???: Well then, that was fun. Glad I popped in when I could!
???: Good to see you again, \PN. Was I helpful?
AELITA: Wait... Who's this now?
REN: He looks familiar, but...
???: You guys don't know who I am? I guess that's fair enough.
The others haven't seen me before, I suppose, but \PN you should know who I am.
No? Ah, I see. That's disappointing. I'll remind you, but don't forget this time!
The name's\c[6] Allen!
And this is my trusty partner! Ninetales!
AELITA: Allen...? Isn't that the name of the...
No, I know for certain that this is the Allen we've been trying to save!
Allen, alongside his sister, Alice!
ALLEN: Huh? Save? But I'm doing fine. As for Alice, she's fine too.
She's around, I'm sure you'll run into her eventually.
AELITA: But... I don't understand. How...?
ALLEN: I really don't know what you're on about, but there's nothing to worry about!
I'm off to continue my mission of destroying all machines!
REN: A-All machines?
ALLEN: All machines! They're the fiends that will destroy the world if I don't stop them!
Justice shall be served hot!
REN: No one tell him.
AELITA: As long as you don't start flying around and acting weird you'll be fine.
Be on the look out for more of those defense mechanisms!
REN: Yes Ma'am!
Wait for everyone else!
I have to win this or Flora will have me killed!
Flora don't blow me up please!
I'm going to have to go to a new city with a new name...
You just love being annoying, don't you?
What gives? We're fighting towards a better society!
Why can't you just let us do our thing? It's so easy!
AELITA: I should wait for \v[12] and Ren!
AELITA: Our teamwork is just too good!
REN: We do make a pretty good team.
Anyway, I think I figured out why Allen and Alice are running around like everything's fine.
I don't know where they came from, but it looks like there are Unown running about.
While they're quite weak when alone, their power is unmatched when in large groups.
AELITA: The Unown must be projecting Alice and Allen!
REN: For sure. Alice was able to summon a Sableye just by asking about it.
REN: So... What do we do about that? Should I ask Nastasia if anything weird is going on?
AELITA: As long as they don't get in our way, it should be fine?
REN: Right. How much time do we have?
AELITA: Let's see...\| 55 minutes.
REN: Alright... We can make that work. C'mon!
Okay, I got this! I got this!
Oop.
Well this is totes awks.
REN: If I continue, \v[12] and Aelita may not be able to proceed.
I gotta make sure they're caught up with me.
???: Hey, \PN! Over here!
AELITA: You may be wondering how I got here! It's a real funny story, you see-
REN: We got impatient.
REN: Which led to bridges being broken. The whole drama.
Shouldn't be a problem though. Let's just work together to progress as usual.
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: We have these cool gadgets to communicate whenever we need to!
<<[>>Press A to switch to Ren, Aelita, You'll need their help to get through!<<]>>
AELITA: It's these things again...
Fine, you guys wanna fight? Let's fight!
AELITA: Why won't these things just explode or something! I won for Pete's sake!
AELITA: Ergh... These things are so tough.
ALLEN: Ah, now that was refreshing! Is the lady doing alright?
AELITA: Uh... You're talking about me, right?
ALLEN: But of course! I couldn't let you stand there all helpless against the machines!
You put up a good fight, but only I can defeat the machines, truly.
AELITA: Allen, how are you here? How are you doing any of this?
ALLEN: Still asking those weird questions?
I'm a vigilante! It's what I do!
By the way, I'm here to give you very insightful information!
There are a couple of bridges that only appear if you activate the red switch alongside another one.
Come, my darling Ninetales! We shall work together to save humanity from the machines!
NINETALES: Brrr!!
AELITA: Um... Okay!
AUDINO: Audi! Audi!
???: Oh dear!
REN: For the love of-- Who's this now?
???: Ah, please help me! There are these things chasing me!
REN: Things chasing you? You don't mean those-
MACHINE: Intruder! Intruder!
ALLEN: Haha! No machine shall survive my assault!
???: Allen, you've finally found me!
ALLEN: Yes! Team Trappus won't have any power over us anymore!
REN: ...Are you Alice then? Allen's sister?
ALLEN: Correct! We have been separated because of Team Trappus' goons!
REN: ...Team Trappus? They're behind these machines?
ALICE: Of course! Also, Team Trappus is the enemy force sending those machines!
ALLEN: Alice has given me the task of destroying each and every one of them!
Which reminds me-- My work isn't done yet!
ALICE: Your name is Ren, right?
REN: H-Huh? How do you know my name?
ALICE: What was that Pokemon you had? It was like a little goblin made out of beautiful gems!
REN: Huh? Oh, you must mean my Sableye.
ALICE: Oh how wonderful! I want one of my own!
SABLEYE: Saba!
REN: What the?!
That's incredible... Alice, how did you do that?
ALICE: My friends from the Unown Dimension created it for me!
REN: Unown?
ALICE: Yes, the Unown! They're my friends!
Please, meet them!
UNOWN: Gurii!
REN: W-Whoa!
ALICE: Yes, my friends are here to play with me!
You should play with us too, Ren!
REN: No, I can't. We're working to try and save both you and Allen!
But it looks like you two are just having a good time messing around!
ALICE: Huh? You don't want to play?\| Hm...
Fine then!
REN: ...!
Hm... Maybe I should've just played along...
REN: Hm?\| Oh, did all of that freak you out? I don't blame you.
Sableye, return!
Switch?
Reset Positions?
Reset
Ren
Aelita
None
Reset Positions
Yes
No
You
[Map230]
Completing achievements can net you in some really neat rewards!
But I bet you don't have a way of viewing how much AP you've gathered, right?
In that case, please take this! I accidentally got a second one, so I don't need it!
With this you'll be able to view the amount of AP without having to stop by the center!
SHINX: Shin...
Shinx looks like it's tired of being indoors...
So exhilarating... So exciting! I'll become a wonderful dancer too!
Hey, what do you think you're doing? This is my tiny island!
Oh, I bet you want this Water Stone I found at the bottom of the pool, huh?
Fine, take it. I don't really care about it anyway.
All I care about is being left alone... Which you aren't respecting right now.
Bye-bye trainer.
Mr. Blakeory has done a fine job for himself.
Just look at this beautiful place!
Please... Just let it stop. All night... Every night... Aa...
\PN found 30 coins!
I wish I could just open my heart to this world and become one with music.
Huh?!
Rorim wants two people to join their troupe?!
This is my calling, and I don't want to ignore it!\| I'll make my way there now!
Thank you, thank you! Thank you, thank you!!!
Hello! Welcome to the Hotel Casino!
You can buy coins, and win fabulous prizes~!
Coins can be purchase at 50 for $1000 or 500 for $10,000.
\G\CNWould you like to buy some coins?
Thank you very much!
I'm afraid you don't have the cash. Please come back soon!
Enjoy the games!
It seems as though you don't have a coin case. Please return when you obtain one!
I'm sorry, this elevator is only for guests that purchase the\c[6] Penthouse Suite.
And unfortunately it seems like it's already been reserved by Saki Blakeory for quite a while.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
TESLA: \PN! Thank you for visiting me!
Have you made your way to Goldenwood Forest already?
It's my favorite place in the entire region. I hope you find it enjoyable!
I can't believe I won an all expense paid trip to this hotel!
I'm feeling really generous, so you can have this!
Hopefully you can win a trip to an expensive place like this one day!
Oof... My head. I can't take this anymore... Someone just make it stop!
Rorim is amazing! He doesn't let anyone tread on him!
This is the Pokmon Lottery Corner. I'm Rarity, your attendant today.
If the drawn number matches the ID No. of any of your Pokmon, you could win fabulous gifts.
Would you like to check today's lucky number?
First, I'll look up today's Pokmon Lottery Corner lucky number.
...
Your Lotto Ticket number is \v[1].
Now, let's see if it matches the ID No. of any of your Pokemon.
I'm sorry. You didn't get a match...
Please do visit again.
Congratulations!
The ID number of your team's \v[2] matches your Lotto Ticket number!
The ID number of your PC-boxed \v[2] matches your Loto Ticket number!
Oh my goodness, all five digits matched!
You've won the jackpot prize!
Please visit again!
\rYou have no room left. Make room, then come see me.
The last four digits matched, so you win the first prize!
You have no room left. Make room, then come see me.
The last three digits matched, so you win the second prize!
The last two digits matched, so you win the third prize!
The last digit matched, so you win the fourth prize!
Please do visit again! Good-bye from Rarity, your attendant!
Oh, I see.\nPlease do visit us again.
You've already drawn a Lotto Ticket today. Please come back tomorrow.
I've been waiting for you. Here's the item you won.
RECEPTIONIST: Good day, welcome to the Chris- Er...
You're quite young, hm? Child, where is your mother?
No matter, I suppose anyone is a guest. As long as they have money, of course.
The cost of one room for one night is approximately, 10 Billion Pokedollars.
What? You don't have that kind of money?
Well if you don't have money then what are you doing here?
I suggest you leave and come back with money or I'll have you escorted by the police!
Be gone!
Be gone, peasant! I have no further business with you!
What do you want you little street rat?
The Hidden Library?
Hm... maybe you aren't much of a street rat as I may have presumed. Apologies.
But ah yes, the Hidden Library. What fascinating history and mystery.
The Hidden Library was located on the most southern part of Aevium.
This was so the members of the Garufa civilization could easily access it using the sea and ports.
If I remember correctly, the structure of the library was built to last.
Which means the library could have survived the catastrophe that ailed this land decades ago.
RECEPTIONIST: Eh? Little street rat? You're the one who accepted the request?
Sigh, very well... As long as it's settled.
I'm sure you've heard of our situation down at the Help Center-- In fact, you can probably hear it right now...
Will you please go check on the basement and see what's going on?
The workers here refuse to do it. They think labor like this is above them.
RECEPTIONIST: Yes, yes... settle down. I'll escort you to the basement.
RECEPTIONIST: "L-Lil' busy"?! YOU'RE the one who accepted the request!
Which, may I remind you, told you to be here at NIGHT.
If you have nothing to contribute here, then begone!
RECEPTIONIST: Shall I escort you downstairs then?
CLERK: Can... I help you?
If you're looking for a reservation-- Let me just make this simple for you.
There's no way a child like you would be able to afford our extremely opulent services.
So please, do me a favor and-
???:\ts[1] Weeeeeeeee!!!
???: Owie powie kazowie, lowie!\| That hurt!
RECEPTIONIST: M-Ms. Blakeory! What on earth are you doing?!
How many times do I have to tell you not to use the trolleys in such a barbaric manner!
And now you've gone and hit this hooligan with it!
I pray to Arceus that they don't file a lawsuit!
???: Aw, quit worrying so much! They don't even have a scratch on them!
Besides, they got in the way of my trolley first! I should sue for the damages myself, hehe!
But for real, sorry for slamming my trolley into you like that! It was an accident...\|really!
The name's-
RECEPTIONIST: Ms. Blakeory, stop wasting your time with this street rat!
The helicopter you requested is waiting for you on the roof as we speak!
???: Oh CRUD! I forgot I requested that... I haven't even packed yet, hah.
Val will kill me if I'm late again! Oh darn, what a bother!
Eh, but who needs to pack when the world is your oyster!
Because, well, you know what they say!
RECEPTIONIST: ...Ms. Blakeory, what do they say?
???: Huh? I dunno what they say. I was asking you that?
Anyway, I gotta go, but it was nice crashing into you!
RECEPTIONIST: ...Sigh...
???: Oh...! Just who am I blessed with this visit?
Darling, I am the esteemed Rorim. Rorim B.
And I am here to spread the love of music everywhere! Yo quiero mas~
I'll show you the way!
RORIM: Aiyah! What is your name little one?\| \PN?\| Muy bien...
RORIM: Like I said before, darling... My name is Rorim B.
I travel the region in hopes of spreading joy and music to all who are willing to accept!
Let me see if your rhythm and charisma is up to par, darling!!
Aiyah! Darling, so fabulous!
RORIM: Aiyah! So wonderful! Yes darling, that's it!
What a fabulous display~! Yes, this is the spirit I'm looking for!
RORIM: Eh? What's that? What am I doing down here?
Ah, you mean the music, no? Muy bein...
Well, I'm a guest here at the hotel.
I came here all the way from Terajuma and darling...
The receptionist, eesh, what a jerk, am I riiight?
I had a reservation, but he turned me away and called me a street rat!
Aiy... I could not allow that remark to pass. A humble guest such as I.
RORIM: Ah, but I suppose you're right. I just took what he said way too personally!
A man like me needs to puff his chest out and take things like this!
RORIM: Ohoo, so we're at an understanding then?
RORIM: Oh honey, this place is filled with rich people that have never experienced any kind of struggle in their life.
I'm sure Ms. Craudburry upstairs can go one night with being inconvenienced.
So \PN, let me offer you a compromise. I'll leave this "humble" estate if you find me two potential troupe members!
Why yes, darling! I'm sure there's at least two people in this hotel who would want to join my troupe!
Find me those two troupe members and you can kiss this sweet little behind goodbye!
I'll be waiting, darling!!
There seems to be something deep within the pool...
Suddenly you see intense eyes gaze at your bag...
Drop in a Gourmet Treat?
A Pokemon jumped out!
It looks like whatever it is; it's ignoring you.
MINCCINO: Dwoop!
OLDLADY: Sigh... That Minccino just can't sit still, can it?
Sorry for the bother, but can you go find that Minccino for me?
I'm sure it's still somewhere in the hotel, so it shouldn't be too much trouble.
\PN found 1500$!
There's something that appears in this pool only at night...
I don't know where it comes from, but it never fails to appear...
Wow, that shadow was actually a Totodile! I hope you take good care of it!
MINCCINO: Sweooop!
I've come from the Kalos Region to take care of some business.
My Buneary is here to keep me company! What a darling Pokemon it is.
That business, however, cannot be completed because I CANNOT SLEEP WITH THIS WRETCHED MUSIC!
Floor?
I heard that Tesla woman has a room here at the Chrisola Hotel.
I'm so honored to stay at the same place she is!
Love is dead. I hate everything. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it.
I gotta keep playing these games if I want to win that Maractus!
Maractus is a super uncommon Pokemon in the Aevium Region!
\c[6]This is the only place to find one in the whole area!
My poor Shinx isn't very happy with me.
It prefers to be outdoors often, but I can't cater to its needs all the time.
Oh, you've been to Route 2? You must travel to far places.
Well if that's the case... can you please take Shinx with you?
I'm almost certain that it will be happier when it's traveling with you.
Please take good care of Shinx for me.
I understand, but that's quite unfortunate...
Oh, you're a Trainer, aren't you?
Hmm... You don't seem to have a lot of badges.
And it looks like you haven't travelled much at all.
How is my darling Shinx doing? Is it happy?
I came all this way from the Kalos region. It took a few days, but I'm finally getting used to this place!
UNTIL THEY FIX THIS ISSUE I REFUSE TO ACT CIVILIZED!
I WILL TERRORIZE THESE HALLS UNTIL ALL THINGS HAVE FALLEN TO MY WRATH!
MINCCINO: Sweooop?!
GRUNT: Sorry, nowhere else to run, Minccino!
GRUNT2: Yeah, we're going to send you back to our factory so that you'll become a Shadow Pokemon!
MINCCINO: S-Sweoopo...
GRUNT: Got it! There's going to be a meetup at Gearen Park, so we should head there.
GRUNT2: Roger!
BUNEARY: Booneary!
BUNEARY: Boo! Boo!!! Booneary!!!
RECEPTIONIST: What? You want to leave already?
But you haven't done anything yet!
RECEPTIONIST: You... USELESS street rat...
Fine, I SUPPOSE I cannot keep you here.
RECEPTIONIST: The music stopped and then it started again!
What is the issue here?!
RECEPTIONIST: ...
Of course that other street rat would be the cause of this.
I'm annoyed by this, but I refuse to be weak and call authorities.
Find a solution to this problem and get out!
RECEPTIONIST: Ah, but that wretched music has stopped!
You did a job well done, street mouse.
You're no longer a rat, but a little mouse. That's a compliment!
Come now, we'll get you out of here. Please collect your reward at the Help Center.
Peace has been restored to the Chrisola Hotel!
Return to the East Gearen Help Center for your reward!
STOP FUCKING CAMPING YOU PIECE OF SHIT. WHAT THE FUCK.
GRUNT: You can't run away from us, Minccino!
Don't you just love that hotel feel? It makes you feel important!
Forget what I said about this hotel. This is unbearable.
HOST: Heheh, let's play a game of Voltorb Flip. Won't you join me?
I have an addiction to the slots... No matter what I do, I can't escape...
No, that's it. I'm done with this. I'm going to flush my Coin Case down the toilet!
I did it! I flushed it down the toilet! I'm free from the oppression of my Coin Case!!
I did it... I flushed it down the toilet!! It's gone from my life!
Sorry, I'm very busy right now. Leave me to my work.
I wish people would just buck up their ideas and solve this issue already!
These noobs from Reborn City don't know what they're up against!
I've been here in Aevium for far too long. Maybe it's time I head out for good.
Alright but this music is kinda jammin'.
OLDLADY: My darling Minccino and I are from Unova.
Where did you come from?
OLDLADY: Could you please find that Minccino for me?
I'm sure it's still in the hotel somewhere, so it shouldn't be too much trouble.
OLDLADY: Wh-What? Some hooligans stole my darling Minccino??
Well what are you doing? Please go save my Minccino!
OLDLADY: Thank you so much for saving my darling Minccino...
But here's the thing... I don't think I'll be able to take care of it anymore.
It's too energetic for an old lady like me.
Would you take Minccino off my hands?
OLDLADY: I'm relieved. Please take it with you.
It may put up a bit of a fight, though. An energetic one, that one is.
OLDLADY: I guess I'll be leaving soon. Take care, Trainer.
OLDLADY: Oh dear... I can't sleep with this music...
Please... someone help!
GRUNT: We're going to need your strength to further our plans, Minccino!
HOST: Let's spin the wheel. See where it may fall? Give into temptation!
I dropped my receipt on the ground and guess what I found?!
I found coins! It's pretty common for people to drop them. Keep your eyes wide open!
Helping guests move their luggage is the worst- I mean, most satisfying thing about working here!
Sigh...
This music... I feel a connection to it. I want to dance to it, but...
I'll be fired if I'm caught...
Wha-Wha?! Someone is interested in people joining them for their troupe?!
If... If I go... I'll be able to dance without being ridiculed and or fired?!
This is an opportunity of a lifetime. I must take it!
Thank you! I'll head down to Rorim right now!
RORIM: Find me two troupe members and I'll leave fabulously!
RORIM: Aiyah!!! Muy bien! Yes, you've done it! You've done it!
Two of these captured souls shall have their hearts opened up wide!
Now, gaze upon their marvelous transformation!
GIRL: What is this energy that I feel surging through my veins?!
BELLBOY: I feel it too... It feels like something is awakening within' us!
TROUPE1: Yes! This is the feeling I knew I had deep within!
Rorim's energy is so powerful that it's surging through my entire being!
TROUPE2: I feel so free! This is what I was born to do!
RORIM: Yes, darlings! This is it! This is what I wanted you to see!
\PN, darling. I will go through with my word. I shall leave the guests of this hotel alone.
I hope to meet again, and don't let that annoying receptionist keep you down. Aiyah!
RORIM: You found me one troupe member and she's beautiful, but I need one more!
It's a roulette game. How much would you like to wager?
I saw this poor Buizel all alone at Oceana Pier the other day.
It looked like it was waiting for something... Or perhaps someone?
This music... Every night. EVERY. NIGHT. I can't sleep!
That girl thinks she's so cool because she bought a\c[6] Golden Surfboard!
Huh? What's a Golden Surfboard? It's an item you can use to cross waters without needing the HM Surf!
MINCCINO: Dwoop?
50 Coins/$1000
500 Coins/$10,000
No Thanks
Yes
No
Let's do this!
Lil' busy...
You should stop.
Yeah, he's a jerk.
The other guests...?
1F [Lobby]
2F [Casino/AP Center]
Rooftop
None
Basement [Pool]
I'll stay.
Gotta Go...
1
2
3
None.
[Map231]
???: Oh, are you the one who accepted my request?
Thank you so much for doing this! It means a lot to me.
My name is Novae. I'm a wandering trainer trying to find her worth in the world.
So basically I'm nothing special!
What's your name?
NOVAE: I see... So your name is \PN?
What a wonderful name that is. Shall we get started?
NOVAE: Good luck to you, \PN! May the stars shine upon us today!
Wow, I've never seen someone battle like that!
NOVAE: Wow, you sure are strong, \PN!
That was actually my first real battle with an actual trainer.
I practice mostly on wild Pokemon, so I freeze up whenever I try to battle actual people.
I'll get better as time goes on, so I'm not too worried about things.
Thank you so much for battling me, \PN. I hope we will meet again soon.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
There's something written on the side of this shelf!
"Orange last".
Have you been completing achievements? I heard there are really good items that can only be obtained through them!
There seems to be something deep within the pool...
Suddenly you see intense eyes gaze at your bag...
Drop in a Gourmet Treat?
...
A Pokemon jumped out!
It looks like whatever it is; it's ignoring you.
Floor?
That girl thinks she's so cool because she bought a\c[6] Golden Surfboard!
Huh? What's a Golden Surfboard? It's an item you can use to cross waters without needing the HM Surf!
There's something that appears in this pool only at night...
I don't know where it comes from, but it never fails to appear...
Wow, that shadow was actually a Totodile! I hope you take good care of it!
Hey, what do you think you're doing? This is my tiny island!
Oh, I bet you want this Water Stone I found at the bottom of the pool, huh?
Fine, take it. I don't really care about it anyway.
All I care about is being left alone... Which you aren't respecting right now.
Bye-bye trainer.
Yes
No
1F [Lobby]
2F [Casino/AP Center]
3F [Battle Room]
More
4F [Rooftop]
None
Basement [Pool]
[Map232]
Hello! Welcome to the Hotel Casino!
You can buy coins, and win fabulous prizes~!
Coins can be purchase at 50 for $1000 or 500 for $10,000.
\G\CNWould you like to buy some coins?
Thank you very much!
I'm afraid you don't have the cash. Please come back soon!
Enjoy the games!
It seems as though you don't have a coin case. Please return when you obtain one!
Fly over Krazoa Palace already!
It's a roulette game. How much would you like to wager?
This game is BS! I just lost all of my coins!
I dropped my receipt on the ground and guess what I found?!
I found coins! It's pretty common for people to drop them. Keep your eyes wide open!
\PN found 30 coins!
I'm saving up enough AP so that I can buy golden items!
With those, I won't have to waste a move slot with an HM anymore!
I'll still need to get the respective badge for each HM, though...
Heal me, please.
We're totally going to beat these Reborn City noobs!
I have... an addiction... I can't stop playing the slots...
That's it! I'm going to flush my coin case down a toilet! That'll help!
I- I did it! It's gone... haha... I'm free!
I did it... I flushed it down the toilet!! It's gone from my life!
Floor?
STOP FUCKING CAMPING YOU PIECE OF SHIT. WHAT THE FUCK.
Completing achievements can net you in some really neat rewards!
But I bet you don't have a way of viewing how much AP you've gathered, right?
In that case, please take this! I accidentally got a second one, so I don't need it!
With this you'll be able to view the amount of AP without having to stop by the center!
I gotta keep playing these games if I want to win that Maractus!
Maractus is a super uncommon Pokemon in the Aevium Region!
\c[6]This is the only place to find one in the whole area!
This is the Pokmon Lottery Corner. I'm Rarity, your attendant today.
If the drawn number matches the ID No. of any of your Pokmon, you could win fabulous gifts.
Would you like to check today's lucky number?
First, I'll look up today's Pokmon Lottery Corner lucky number.
...
Your Lotto Ticket number is \v[1].
Now, let's see if it matches the ID No. of any of your Pokemon.
I'm sorry. You didn't get a match...
Please do visit again.
Congratulations!
The ID number of your team's \v[2] matches your Lotto Ticket number!
The ID number of your PC-boxed \v[2] matches your Loto Ticket number!
Oh my goodness, all five digits matched!
You've won the jackpot prize!
Please visit again!
\rYou have no room left. Make room, then come see me.
The last four digits matched, so you win the first prize!
You have no room left. Make room, then come see me.
The last three digits matched, so you win the second prize!
The last two digits matched, so you win the third prize!
The last digit matched, so you win the fourth prize!
Please do visit again! Good-bye from Rarity, your attendant!
Oh, I see.\nPlease do visit us again.
You've already drawn a Lotto Ticket today. Please come back tomorrow.
I've been waiting for you. Here's the item you won.
Do a barrel roll!
I really shouldn't be playing these games, but I can't stop!
50 Coins/$1000
500 Coins/$10,000
No Thanks
1
2
3
None.
Basement [Pool]
1F [Lobby]
3F [Battle Room]
More
4F [Rooftop]
None
Yes
No
[Map233]
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
It looks like someone shattered the Timesplicer crystal...
MELIA: Venam, please get up. There's no need to exaggerate all the time.
VENAM: M-Man that felt awful. It feels like my insides are about to explode.
*Burp*.... Oh god.....
MELIA: I'm not going to sit here all day and wait for you.
VENAM: Fine... Jeez. Anyway, what was all of that?
This isn't that forest we were in before...
MELIA: We'll get to that in a moment. Let's actually get out of here first.
VENAM: Gah... you heard the lady.
Yes
No
[Map234]
ANASTASIA: Kyaahh!! Maria, no!!!
Hey... Your clothes are rad! I haven't seen that type of style before.
It's a good thing the Gym Leader went on vacation. Now I can train without anxiety!
"La Yum Caf."
Route 3 is ahead, but be careful... It's chock full with Pokemon!
This building right here is Blakeory Co.!
If you've ever lived in this region, chances are that you've used some of our products!
Blakeory Co. is becoming a sensational multi-million dollar company overnight!
Be sure to invest in our stocks! We'll bring you up to the lavish life of luxury!
VENAM: What the hell? What is going on here?
\PN are you seeing all this? I'm not crazy, right? There's an entire city inside of this mountain!
MELIA: Wrong, we're actually outside of Valor Mountain now. What actually happened was this... We've traveled half a century back in time.
The time before Aevium was subjected to the calamity.
Welcome to Kugearen City. The place Gearen City used to be.
VENAM: How can you say something like that so casually?!
MELIA: Well, that's neither here nor there. This is where I was taken to after the events at Amethyst Cave.
I would spend the next three years of my life here in this place.
VENAM: Th-Three years?! I knew you looked a little older, but I had no idea it had been that long!
MELIA: Yeah... Well, not "here", but a town north of here, Amberette Town.
We should make our way there next. I'll explain everything there.
VENAM: Lead the way then. \PN and I are practically tourists here.
MELIA: It's not too difficult to find, but sure. I'll gladly escort everyone there!
MELIA: \PN, you're okay!
ERIN: It's typical of Souta to throw us into a situation like this.
AELITA: \PN and I saw the meteorite fall, but we were careful.
Heck, we would've followed you, but some woman thought it was fun to run right into danger.
MELIA: I assume she's okay, right?
AELITA: Yeah, she's fine, but we happened to run into the Sensei of Sheridan too.
MELIA: Huh... Small world.
AELITA: She invited us to visit the village whenever, so...
KATSU: Oh, it's you children again. Good, I was looking for you.
I wanted to thank you for saving me properly.
Please take this as compensation.
\PN and Aelita got $5,000!
AELITA: Th-Thank you!
KATSU: Oh, that's nothing much. As an employee at Rejuvenation CO., that kind of money is nothing.
MELIA: Rejuvenation CO.?
KATSU: Yes, I am the President of the company.
Our goal is to restore the Miera Region so that we may return there.
We won't need to live in Aevium anymore!
ERIN: Excuse me, what? Miera Region?
KATSU: Ahah... Huh? You must be joking. The Miera Region?
KATSU: Clearly you all need a history lesson. Would you care to listen?
AELITA: Um... No thanks. We kind of need to be somewhere.
ERIN: Speak for yourself, I'd like to know.
KATSU: Come, we may talk over tea and biscuits.
ERIN: Sounds lovely.
Melia, go take care of what you mentioned to me before.
I'll meet you guys in Sheridan after I'm done with this.
MELIA: Gotcha. Have fun with your history lesson.
ERIN: I will.
AELITA: Huh? What's Erin talking about?
MELIA: Well, have you looked up in the sky recently?
Tonight's an eclipse. Whenever that happens, Spacea and Tiempa appear in Amberette Town.
AELITA: ...Who?
MELIA: I'll explain on the way, but I'd like to meet with them before we continue.
There's something I want to ask them...
AELITA: Sigh, another distraction, but fine. Show me the way.
MELIA: \PN, would you like to come with us?
MELIA: Gotcha, let's move then.
Spacea and Tiempa's lodge is easy to find. It's the only other house in the area.
MELIA: Okay, that's fine. We'll be heading off to Amberette Town then.
Sigh... I'm on break... I'm so tired of my job, but the money is amazing.
OFFICER: A meteorite is expected to land somewhere on Route 4 very soon.
Sorry, but until things settle down, we cannot allow you to go any further.
VENAM: Tch... There's no sight of her anywhere. This is just perfect.
KANON: Kugearen City is very large. I'm not even sure where to begin.
VENAM: Eugh... Let me think for a sec.
KANON: Perhaps we should split up? We can cover more ground that way.
VENAM: I would be more for that if you still had Salamence, but...
KANON: ...I suppose if I do find her, there won't be much of a difference.
VENAM: Okay we gotta choose a direction and take it. Where we going?
VENAM: To the north! Let's go people!
VENAM: Alright, west it is. Get to it, guys!
VENAM: I don't see her anywhere! We must've gone the wrong way...
KANON: Let's pick another place to look and let's just go!
VENAM: Yeah, let's go-
MAID: There, I crushed it! Gardevoir, the plan was successful!
I'm ready to be transported back to base.
MAID: ...What's going on? Why aren't I-
MAID: N-No...
MAID: NOOOOO-!
VENAM: No...
VENAM: South it is!
VENAM: Blakeory Co.? That would make sense, after all.
You're right, let's head over there now. We don't have a moment to waste!
MELIA: Hey guys! I was just looking for you all-
VENAM: No time! Come with us!
VENAM: And just what do you think you're doing?
MAID: Huh?! How... How did you all catch up to me like this?
And how is that boy alive?! Gardevoir passed her judgment to this child!
VENAM: Don't know, don't care. Hand over the orb right now.
MAID: What, you mean this one?
Kanon grabbed the explosive orb!
KANON: Yes, that one. Thank you for your compliance.
MAID: WH.
VENAM: HAHAHA. Nice one, Kanon! It was just that simple.
MAID: You wretched children! I won't stand for this!
Give the orb back to me this instant!
You can't be serious?!
MAID: I've... I've failed! Through and through!
VENAM: Yeah. You can leave now.
MAID: I'm going to report this to Gardevoir and Master Indriad, just you wait!
VENAM: Huh? You are? You're going to tell them you failed?
That's pretty brave considering what they did to Kanon for his "insolence".
MELIA: Huh...?
VENAM: Do you really think that's going to fly well? I personally don't think so.
If I were you, I'd forget this ever happened and move on.
Or maybe you like being blown to bits in the matter of milliseconds?
MAID: ...
On second thought.
I think I'm going to move very far away and become a baker.
Yes, now, doesn't that sound splendid? I agree!\| Yes, I'll be on my way now.
VENAM: Good luck as a baker, asshole.
MELIA: Can someone explain what's going on? I'm very confused.
VENAM: Uh...
\ts[1]*About 10 minutes of awkward explaining from Kanon, \PN and Venam later...*
KANON: I believe that's the jist of it.
MELIA: So... Basically, Kanon's holding onto a ticking time bomb.
VENAM: Yes.
MELIA: Get that thing out of the city already! If that thing goes boom then-- I don't even want to think about it!
VENAM: W-We would if we knew how... I don't exactly feel comfortable with it being here either.
MELIA: Irvin may know what to do with this??
KANON: Irvin is knowledgeable on many things, it may be possible.
VENAM: Sure, let's go see what Irvin has to say about this.
Just don't you dare drop that thing on the way!
-og s'tel ,haeY :MANEV
!og tsuj s'tel dna\nkool ot ecalp rehtona kcip s'teL :NONAK
...yaw gnorw eht enog ev'tsum eW !erehwyna reh ees t'nod I :MANEV
Could you come back this way later? I saw footprints of Pokemon and I have to analyze them!
\PN inserted and turned the key!
The door opened up!
No use, the door is locked!
OFFICER: It's going to be okay, Ma'am. Just tell us what happened.
DRIVER: I'll drive you to Amberette Town Is that something you want?
DRIVER: Let's hit the road!
Come see me whenever you need a lift!
"Katsu's Estate."
VENAM: Hey, what's going on here?! Where's Maria?
KATSU: We don't know where Maria is. That's the problem!
I left Maria to study with Anastasia so that I could finish my own work.
The next thing I hear is Anastasia crying to herself with Maria nowhere to be found.
VENAM: Fine then. Anastasia, do you know what happened to Maria?
ANASTASIA: M-Maria... She was...\| She was taken!
VENAM: Anastasia, what do you mean she was taken? By whom?!
We're friends of Maria too. We want to help her, so please explain what happened.
ANASTASIA: Maria and I were studying when suddenly this Pokemon appeared out of th-thin air...
Suddenly she just grabbed Maria and they vanished.
VENAM: Taken by a Pokemon? That has to be Gardevoir...
ANASTASIA: I couldn't do anything! It all happened so fast...!
KATSU: You useless child! Why didn't you just tell me this earlier?!
ANASTASIA: D-Don't yell at me!!! *Waaahh*!!
KATSU: How dare you, Tasia! Don't run away from me!
VENAM: Chasing after them would be a waste of time. We got our info.
\PN... I know I just said that we should drop this and not get involved, but...
We can't just let her be taken like that...
We know what happens to her if she's left with Vitus... If any of that was even real.
I'm going back to the Marble Mansion, and I'm going to do all I can.
You don't have to come with me. In fact, I understand completely if you choose not to.
This shit is dangerous, but GODDAMNIT, I'm not going to be able to sleep at night if I don't at least try.
So... yeah. I've made up my mind.
VENAM: Who the hell does that kid think he is? Starting something like that.
He's lucky Melia kicked us out. I would've kicked him right in the balls.
Charizard gave me a hard time, but I'm sure it was just confused. Poor thing.
Whatever. Good lunch turned sour. What can you do?
???: Kyahhh!!
VENAM: Whoa, did you hear that? It sounded like it came from this direction!
Whoever screamed like that may be in trouble!
BOY: Could you come back later? I'm analyzing footprints of Pok-
VENAM: Outta my way!
BOY: Ahhhh!!!
ANASTASIA: Maria... She's... She's...! I'm... I'm so useless...
I sent my daughter to the Pokemon School so that she would become a good trainer!
That's the only reasonable thing a parent should do with their children who aspire to be trainers!
KANON: Mrgh... I screwed up. I need to find a way to make this up to everyone.
I... Sigh, it's no use.
\PN, sorry. I shouldn't have instigated like that. I won't let it happen again.
Let's Go!
I've got things to do...
North
West
Blakeory CO.
Yes
No
[Map235]
[Map236]
Death is final.
Maximum edge.
Sorry for the edge. I just use natural edge shampoo. That really gets the edge going.
Route 3, huh? There's a town on the other side.
ROOOOOOAAARRRRRRR!!!
Boy am I angry! I jumped down that ledge by mistake and essentially undid all of my hard work!
"Route 3."
Where do you think you're going?
Aw, I thought I had you!
All right, fine. You can pass.
I'm not a trainer, but once you look one in the eyes, prepare for battle!
[Map237]
Welcome to Amberette Town! Where lost souls are found!
So you're friends with Irvin? I guess that means you are part of Spacea and Tiempa's program?
Interesting! Well, I'm only an assistant to Irvin. I don't matter much.
"Professor Irvin's Estate."
"Amberette Town."
"Irvin's Lab."
DRIVER: I'll drive you to Kugearen City. Is that something you want?
DRIVER: Let's hit the road!
Come see me whenever you need a lift!
Hello!
...
She doesn't look interested in talking.
Oh so you're part of the training program? Sorry if I was rude to you at some point.
I was just sort of, shy? I can't really explain it.
Regardless, welcome to Amberette Town!
"Spacea and Tiempa's Lodge."
There's a note on the door.
"IRVIN: Sorry, I'm not home right now! I'll be out of town for the next few weeks."
VENAM: What's the game plan once we get back to East Gearen?
MELIA: Karrina said West Gearen was under lock down, which means it's gonna be real difficult.
But if I remember from when I was in Gearen, she had a boat, right?
VENAM: Yeah? Well, I hope you know how to drive one.
MELIA: Uh... I'm sure they have those automated navigation systems or something?
Besides, even if it didn't, I'm sure it's not that hard?
VENAM: I know Tesla's yacht has one, but that's a yacht.
MELIA: Well, we'll figure it out once we get there, alright?
KARRINA: Rule #1,\| sometimes you have to bend, or even break the rules to win!
I... Wha?! HUH?! When did you get so strong?!
KARRINA: I... lost?
How are you stronger than me at this point? I've been training far longer than you have!
Well, you may be better at battles, but let's just see how you fare against me in physical combat!
KARRINA: Gahh...!
MELIA: Rule #2, don't take your eyes off ANY of the enemies.
Lest you get hit directly in the back with an Aura Sphere.
KARRINA: ...Kanon's most likely in the West Gearen Sewers.
There's been a report of something wrong going down there...
\ts[1]But... The city lockdown... It'll...
\ts[1]It's the... only... place... I can... see... him... Ow...\|
MELIA: Thanks for the tip. Just leave this to us.
VENAM: R-Rule #3, don't put objects in your back pocket on the off chance you fall on that side.
B-Because it may result in painful ass syndrome. Ow...
MELIA: Will you get up? Don't be so silly.
VENAM: Fine...
MELIA: Anyway, that was awesome, \PN.
You really have gotten strong in a small amount of time. It's admirable.
VENAM: I'm cool too...
MELIA: No, you're on the floor. Let's get to Kugearen Woods already...
Welcome to Amberette Town!
I heard that Irvin used to have a daughter that was an incredible fashionista.
I think she even got hired to be a designer down in Lumiose City in the Kalos Region!
Unfortunately something happened to her and she's no longer with us.
Locked.
MELIA: I thought I could trust those two, but after hearing that...
If it came to it, they would probably throw us under the bus if it meant their success.
AELITA: It's probably not worth going crazy over. They've got that moral ambiguous type of personality.
That's just their line of thinking, and I don't really think we can change that.
ERIN: Thanks for forgetting about me, guys. Really appreciate that.
You're lucky the path to Amberette Town is pretty straightforward.
AELITA: Sorry about that Erin.
ERIN: Don't sorry me. Just don't do it again.
Did you guys talk to those two you mentioned earlier?
MELIA: Yeah, and it wasn't exactly a really exciting conversation.
Can I ask you a question, Erin?
ERIN: Ask away.
MELIA: What would you do if you were put in a situation that required you to choose between the greater good and the one you...
...Care a lot about.
ERIN: That's a deep question. Anyway, I'd sacrifice the one I loved.
MELIA: You would sacrifice them?!
ERIN: Both options suck, but I think it would be better for me if I didn't have the blood of millions on my hands.
But if you think about it, the blood of one can stain your hands just as bad as the blood of many.
Is there any clear answer for a question like that? Probably not.
AELITA: Somehow I knew you'd answer the question with some long explanation like that.
MELIA: Whatever, let's just head to Sheridan Village. It's east of Kugearen Woods, right?
ERIN: Melia's naive. It's like she never grew up.
That sense of heroism isn't realistic, and it's going to bite her one of these days.
But who am I to judge? It probably wouldn't hurt to use your imagination at least once in a while.
VENAM: It's been years since I've been rockin' my natural hair color.
It's not that I hate it, but I miss my purple locks...
Oh, hello!
Irvin requires members of this program to write a diary. I think it's to keep their emotions from bottling up.
I mean, I guess you could find their diaries in their rooms and read them, but is that the right thing to do?
As long as they don't know, right?
Yes
No
[Map238]
AYA: Hey \PN. Um, this part of the city isn't as... developed, is it?
I heard that Adrienn and Jan wanted to revamp this area too, but some old fart named Mr. Blakeory wouldn't allow it.
Oh, right, for why I'm here... It's not like we're spying, but we can detect when requests have been accepted.
We saw that you accepted this particular one and found out you were here to check out this factory.
Luckily for us, Jan had a key to this place.
So... I decided to come by and drop it off. But...
Hardy is always on me for not being social enough, so I guess what I'm trying to say is that I would like to help.
AYA: Okay, let's check out the area. Sigh... What am I getting myself into?
AYA: It's a good thing we decided to check up on that factory after all, huh?
I'm gonna go ahead and consider this request done then.
I'll go notify Adrienn and tell xem that this issue has been resolved.
Oh, and um, that was kind of fun, \PN. Thanks for being easy to work with.
Unlike certain others I know...
Yeah, okay, bye.
"Pokeball Conundrum" help request completed!
Gearen was separated into two parts because West Gearen was becoming too industrialized.
The public health started to decline, so they decided to just keep residents and normal businesses in East Gearen.
But for some reason, strong trainers flock to West Gearen.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.....Z.
This train goes to Grand Dream City's Dream District.
Want a better life? Go to Grand Dream City!
Oh em gee, I'm going to become so famous. Just you watch!
I won't be famous if you do that!
You just want to ruin my life!
Sometimes I see items flowing out of those sewer pipes.
It's a pretty disgusting thought, but you should totally pick something up whenever you see it!
Another man's sewage is another... you know what, nevermind.
Now that the noxious green gas is gone, I can stand around and do nothing!
I used to be a ranger, but I wasn't prepared for what happened on Valor Mountain.
Maybe being a ranger isn't my calling...
I'm selling one ounce of Blast Powder! It's a rare substance that you just WON'T find anywhere else!
\GWould you like to buy it?
\GAnd sold! Thank you very much!
I'm very sorry, but it looks like you don't have enough money...
I'm sorry, but that's all we have for now! Thank you for your patronage!
You ever get weird vibes when you're at the Chrisola Hotel?
Everything's happy and cheery, but there's something sinister about it...
Z....Z......Z.......Z......Z.....Z......Z.....
The shutters seem to be locked tightly.
Maybe Jan has a key?
"Fossils Lover Club!"
"Gearen News HQ."
Did you know that there's a reserve system in Grand Dream City?
There are tons of trainers that are capable of being a Gym Leader, but since there are already ones of their type...
They're saved as backups!
When a Gym Leader resigns, there's a huge tournament to decide which reserve becomes the next leader!
Who let a trainer like you into West Gearen?
Oh...
I see, so that's why...
z.
Narcissa used to be a famous actress. She starred in many popular films and plays.
OFFICER: Grand Dream City is under lockdown until further notice!
???: ... Who are you?
Oh, you're a trainer? Trainers are cool. I'm a trainer too!
I also love rocks. Love them. Biting them, smelling them, tasting them, licking them...
Rocks rocks rocks rocks. Oooooh. I love gemstones too! Man they're so pretty. It makes me wanna die!
BUT IF I'M DEAD, WHO WILL LOOK OVER THE ROCKS? MOMMA WON'T.
Momma would throw rocks at me as a child, and it made me cry, but I loved them so much that I didn't mind.
If only momma was here to see me today.
You know, momma got hit with a rock. People like to spread rumours.
I like you, you're funny. I'm Karen.
KAREN: We're going to be friends. Best friends!!!
KAREN: Oh, it's little dove! Little dove, little dove, how I love my little dove!
BUT MAN AM I HUNGRY FOR BLOOD.
Maybe you came at the wrong time? Huh? Huh? Huh? Maybe you came at the wrong time?
Oh but your wings, they flap so elegantly, how could I trap them any more than I have already!
You're just so beautiful, little dove! Little dove, little DOVE!!!!
... I'm sorry. I just, I stepped on a bug this morning and now my whole life is in shambles. I can't even look at myself.
But when I saw the corpse of the dead bug, I laughed. LAUGHED REALLY FUCKIN' HARD.
And then I crawled into a corner, fell asleep, and now here I am.
So when are we getting married, \PN? You will marry me right? We were made for each other, right?!
I'm going to stop talking now.
KAREN: MMMMMMMMMMaybe I should stop talking for once. Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
"West Gearen Help Center."
TRUCKGUY: Lemme guess... You need a lift? That's alright with me.
TRUCKGUY: You know where to find me.
TRUCKGUY: Things have changed since you've been gone. Missed ya! Where to?
TRUCKGUY: I'll always be here to help ya out. Even when you least expect it.
"Tecanlite Factory."
MELIA: I'm not really sure what to make of what I just heard.
ERICK: I wouldn't worry about that for now. You'll get stressed.
MADELIS: I'm already stressed, hah. But I understand what you mean. Gotta look forward.
MELIA: What are you going to do now, Madelis?
You're not going to try anything weird, right...?
MADELIS: Can it, princess! I don't have any intention of kidnapping anyone.
To tell you the truth, I don't know what I'm supposed to do anymore.
Especially after what happened at the Grand Dream Ball, and... Cassandra.
MELIA: Well, if you're questioning things, then do the right thing!
Join our side! Quit Team Xen and leave that all behind!
MADELIS: I'd call you insane, but you don't have the bigger picture, so I'll be nice.
I don't have the luxury to just get up and quit like some people do...
You think I want to run around like a buffoon? I could be working on more important matters!
Like working on my astonishing beauty, of course.~!
No, no,\| I'm stuck here.\| Whether I like it or not. I have too much on the line.
MELIA: Madelis, just what are you fighting for?
MADELIS: I...
I'm sorry, but I really should be getting back to the city.
MELIA: I need to get there myself. I need to make sure Erin, Alice and Allen are okay!
MADELIS: If you want to know if they're okay, then don't go to the city.
Nastasia teamed up with \v[12] and their friends in order to save some of their friends.
MELIA: \v[12]? Team up with Nastasia? I don't see it happening, but...
I guess we've been through something similar.
But um, did she mention who exactly they're trying to save?
MADELIS: No, in fact, she left the specifics of the mission intentionally vague.
I wonder if she's doing another unauthorized mission...
Last time she did that, Madame X almost...
MELIA: I see... Where are they now?
MADELIS: They're heading towards Eclysia Pyramid.
But considering the road there is controlled by Bladestar, they may need all the help they can get.
MELIA: I see, thank you again, Madelis. I'll make my way there now!
ERICK: Melia, I want to come with you! If \v[12] might be in trouble, then I gotta help too!
MELIA: Oh? Sure! The more power, the better!
SAKITRON: Hee hee... I will send the enemy blasting off at the speed of light!
ERICK: That's right! Together, we're unstoppable! Muhaha!
MELIA: You're right! Let's make our way then!
MELIA: Huh? Where did Madelis go...?
ERICK: Dunno, but she'll be fine. C'mon!
MELIA: Mhm!
MADELIS: ...What I'm fighting for...?
Who knows if it's a good reason? But...\| It's something that means the world to me.
And if it means setting aside my person, then that's just how it's going to be.
*5 hours remain*
MELIA: Erick, I'm really-
MELIA: Sigh...
MELIA: So what about you, Madelis? What are you going to do now?
MADELIS: I haven't... thought this far ahead yet, so.
I don't really know.
MELIA: Madelis, why did you help me out? Is it just because you guys need me too?
MADELIS: No, that's not it. I...
I did it because... I wanted to?
I saw you get dragged off by Amanda, and for some reason I couldn't just let her do that.
Perhaps it was mere curiosity? I don't even know.
MELIA: Sounds like you just really wanted to help out.
MADELIS: Th-That's a joke if I've ever heard one!
I am Madelis, this extravagant, beautiful, and intelligent person only looks after herself and only herself~!
MELIA: Mhm...
Anyway, I would love to stick around and chat, but I gotta get back to Grand Dream City.
Erin and the others were caught in that blast... I need to find out if they're okay.
MADELIS: Don't bother. I got a report from Nastasia a while ago about teaming up with \v[12] and co to save some of their friends.
MELIA: \v[12]? Team up with Team Xen? It's not likely.
Though I guess you and I teaming up is just as unlikely...
But, um, did she mention who she was saving specifically?
MADELIS: No, in fact, the report was quite vague and was sent through a secret channel.
Almost as if she didn't want... her to know. Is Nastasia doing another...?
W-Whatever, if you want to catch up with her, she's on her way to Eclysia Pyramid.
Which is north of Zone Zero.
MELIA: Zone Zero... Isn't that in the Badlands?
I have no idea how I'll get there, but...
MADELIS: ...
I guess I'll help you get there too. I'm already here.
MELIA: W-Wait, seriously? You're not planning anything weird, right?
MADELIS: No, and Zone Zero is as far as I'll take you! Deal?
After that... I don't know where I'll go. Perhaps back to the city.
MELIA: You got a deal, Madelis. Thank you.
MADELIS: Let's move then.
I AM A ROBOT SENT FROM HELL.
I'm just kidding. My name is Glenn.
OR WAS THAT A LIE? BRZZTT...
Z.z.z.z... sleep...? zZZz... Robots do not... sleep... z.z....Z.
Industrialization is just one form of life. Do you accept it, or refute it?
Mm... So that's your answer?
Interesting. I shall take your answer with respect.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
I'm going to be on Gearen News one day and become famous!
Maybe they'd even let me have my own segment...
The Tecanlite Factory here in West Gearen produces Pokeballs for everyone!
But recently their production speed has steadily declined.
I wonder what's up with that?
Some people say I look like Karrina. Do you think that's true?
Grand Dream City is where I want to be. It's better than this place, that's for sure.
Everything's brighter... Everything's greener... Grand Dream City...
Hey, whaddya say to you and I having a little time to ourselves?
Awww, c'mon.
Don't be like that!
Goldenleaf Town.
Sheridan Village.
Akuwa Town.
More Options.
East Gearen.
No thanks.
[Map239]
We used to have a museum called the "Ruby Museum".
But we needed more space for another factory, so sadly it's no longer here.
Locked.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
"Blakeory Household."
ERINA: Hello, I am Saki Blakeory's house keeper!
I have to go out of town for a few hours, but you'll watch over the house for me, right?
All I'm asking is that you sit down, have a drink and not burn down the house.
If that's too hard for you, don't worry! I made things easy for you.
I left a list of activities you can partake in on the table.
Ta-ta, and good luck!
ERINA: ... There was something I forgot to mention.
Oh well!
There's no point in going this way...
Saki has the coolest house. I mean, look at this!
It's too bad no one knows where she is. I miss her parties.
I can finally breathe again. Which is good, because if I can't breathe then I'll die.
People die when they are killed.
MELIA: And here we are.
VENAM: Oh god, what is with that smell!
MELIA: J-Just endure it. Let's rescue Kanon and get out of here as fast as we can.
VENAM: Can I just stay on the ship, this city is under lockdown, after all...
MELIA: NO. If I have to go through this then you two do as well.
VENAM: Gah...
Don't tell anyone I'm back here!
Alright, alright, here, I'll pay you!
Take that money and get out of here!
NARCISSA: This is the future...? This can't be.
Everything's so dark and gloomy...
Why is this happening to me? What did I do to deserve this?
What am I supposed to do now?
This... this is all your fault!
I have... I have to find Goldenleaf Town!
GABRIEL: Are you the one who answered my help request?
GABRIEL: Really glad to hear you say that.
Let's see... where do I begin?
I suppose I should start here.
What a terrible attitude!
GABRIEL: So as you can see, we're in a little bit of a pickle here.
I managed to escape, but my colleagues weren't so lucky.
We're going to need you to take care of this. If not, we're going to be in a lot of trouble.
I'll meet you inside.
Head back to East Gearen?
"West Gearen Sewer Entrance."
Are you trying to go to Saki Blakeory's house? Not before me!
Wait, but I wanted to talk to Saki myself!
What do you mean she's not here right now?
SAKITRON: Pathetic. Disgusting. PUTRID.
I shall have my revenge on you, \PN. Come back inside and fight me like a human!
KALISTA: \PN! Don't you dare leave me behind!
You can't just leave me here with this thing!
SAKITRON: Do my ears deceive me? Is Kalista trying to escape my LOVING grasps?
I shall not have any of this! Kalista, I'm coming for you!
KALISTA: Please no!
I'm here to help!
Guess again, nerd!
Yes
No
[Map240]
...?
It seems there are a group of people meeting in secret. Listen in?
GARDEVOIR: It certainly took you all long enough to get here.
You made sure you all weren't followed, correct?
OFFICER: Yes ma'am. We're clear.
GARDEVOIR: Hmph, are we now? Very well then, if you insist.
OFFICER: You weren't clear on this before. What exactly is it that you want us to do?
GARDEVOIR: I wasn't clear because the timing was inappropriate.
You four are aware of the dispute between the Blakeorys and the Theolias, yes?
My master, Vitus, is being too stubborn and refuses to use his power to stop all of this.
That damn Anathea... She's ruining him. She's ruining everything.
OFFICER: So... What does this have to do with our team?
GARDEVOIR: I need you to apprehend Vitus. Keep him in captivity.
OFFICER: Arrest him? That's what you brought us out here for? This is literally our job.
GARDEVOIR: You'd do well to hold your tongue, worm.
I'm very aware of what your assigned task is. Do not get cross with me.
I need you to crush Vitus' spirit. I want you to destroy the need to be so soft.
I want you four to destroy the Marble Mansion. Vitus will be a witness to this deed.
OFFICER: H-Hold on there, We're police officers, not a demolition team.
GARDEVOIR: You don't need to be part of a demolition team to destroy something.
GARDEVOIR: You have Pokemon, do you not?
OFFICER: We all have Pokemon, but... That's not really the issue here.
GARDEVOIR: If you're afraid of the consequences that may follow, don't be. You have my protection.
Besides, that reward is still on the table. Infinite supply of Royal Crowns, was it?
OFFICER: Hmph. Fine. We'll do it, but after this we don't know each other.
GARDEVIOR: Of course. In fact, I don't think you all will ever see me again.
Or anything, really.
OFFICER: What?
GARDEVOIR: Oh, don't worry. I was just thinking aloud.
GARDEVOIR: This way, quickly. We shall start immediately.
GARDEVOIR: There's no reason to be so coy. I'm always open to talking.
GARDEVOIR: Well, well, well... Look at what we have here. A mole.
Now what are we to do with you? You've heard everything.
This is just a bad case of wrong place, wrong time.
It's unfortunate, really. I do appreciate what you've done for Anathea.
Really. Truly unfortunate.
GARDEVOIR: Oh my... So you've chosen to fight back?
Very well then, I'll play along. Let's just see what you can do.
If you impress me, who knows? I just might let you live.
GARDEVOIR: My, my... You do possess some amount of strength.
I'm impressed, but I'm sorry to say that it's futile.
While we had our little encounter, the plan has been put into motion.
Even still, I cannot have you interfering. Sleep now, my child.
???: You're still not waking up...? How careless of you... There are people patrolling the area. They're guarding,\| well,\| you.
I can't save you just yet. I ask that you accept this selfish favor and wait for me to finish things.
Until that's done... Farewell. I will put my training to the test...
SALAMENCE: Saaal!
???: \ts[1]\PN...\| \PN... \| \PN you've gotta open your eyes!
???: That's it... You're waking up now. Just a bit more!
VENAM: I finally found you... There were so many of these people guarding you.
Do you understand how many people I had to go through to get here?!
I was....\| I was so...
VENAM: Yeah, yeah. I was worried. There I said it.
You can't hold that over me, though. Since I admitted it.
VENAM: Hell no I wasn't scared. Don't even get that idea that I could possibly be afraid of something.
VENAM: Tch, shut up! I may have taken a bit longer than I wanted to...
Pfft, yeah. You're right though. I could've been a little faster.
Anyway, now that I found you, I gotta tell you something.
Anathea's dead. Gardevoir plotted behind the scenes and indirectly got her killed.
I'm assuming you ran into Gardevoir before all this right?
VENAM: Thought so... Everything that's happening... I just...
VENAM: We should just drop this, find Melia, and just ditch this time.
This is way beyond all of us. We know what Vitus is capable of.
I just feel bad for Anathea... She didn't deserve it. Augh, let's just forget it and go back to Kugearen.
I heard screaming? Is everything all right? If not, let's battle anyways.
They cannot hear my screams.
What do you care, anyways?
This time I really found footprints of a rare POKEMON! I won't let you interrupt me this time!
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
It looks like someone shattered the Timesplicer crystal...
Take a look at my Pokemon!
Weren't they cool?
I think your Pokemon were pretty cool, too.
SHERIDAN VILLAGE ->
VENAM: Hm...
VENAM: Where could that scream-
???: S-Someone help me, please!
VENAM: Okay, that was loud. They must be in the area!
???: Someone... Please help me!
???: Oh...!
VENAM: Don't worry, Ma'am. We got these guys covered.
SHIFTRY: Shif!
SHIFTRY: Shi..ft...
The Shifty walked away.
VENAM: And don't bother this lady again. Or else.
???: You two were amazing...! Thank you ever so much.
If I weren't lucky enough for you all to be here... I shudder to think about it.
VENAM: Just be more careful next time. Especially since it seems like you don't have Pokemon to protect you.
???: You're right. This has just never happened before. Pokemon found in these woods are usually so peaceful.
Ah, but where are my manners? My name is Anathea.
VENAM: Sup, I'm Venam, and my friend here is \PN.
ANATHEA: Pleasure to meet you both. Please, would you join me at my home?
I wish to thank you properly for what you've done for me.
Perhaps a wonderful cake? Or cupcakes? I am very skilled at baking.
VENAM: Uh... Yes? All you had to do was mention the word "food" and I'd be there.
ANATHEA: Wonderful! My home is just north of here. Please, come.
VENAM: She seems nice? We never were able to order dessert because of Kanon having a temper tantrum.
Let's go see what she has to offer!
Did you get lost in the woods as well?
I heard that if children get lost in the woods that they...
They never escape!
MELIA: It's through here, just tug on this vine that's hanging and...
This vine pushes some of the branches away. There's a small little grove here now.
VENAM: Lemme guess, there's another crystal in this little grove.
MELIA: Yeah, and it leads to East Gearen City.
VENAM: I'm just wondering where in the world this crystal would even be?
I've been through every corner in East Gearen and I've never seen anything like that.
MELIA: Good, it's supposed to be hidden, remember?
If anyone could just walk up on it, that'd be a pretty big problem, don't you think?
VENAM: Perhaps.
MELIA: Let's go. We probably don't have much time.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
VENAM: I heard that scream somewhere around here...
"Theolia Household."
There are three handprints made of paint printed below the text.
VENAM: Hm? Is the secret behind these trees?
VENAM: Huh...? Isn't that? But it can't be!\| Kanon!
VENAM: Kanon? Kanon, can you hear me? Wake the hell up!
KANON: Hngh... Ugh... Huh?
KANON: Huh...? What am I doing here? I thought I was-
VENAM: Obliterated by Gardevoir? Yeah, we saw that too.
But look at you now! Not even a scratch. Care to explain what that's about?
KANON: That isn't true... I have been scratched. My Salamence is truly gone for good.
I was destroyed, it's true, but I suddenly came to in what one would call oblivion.
But there she was again. The lady in the mask. She reached out to me and grabbed my hand.
She told me that she could save me, but only me. The price of my new life would be Salamence's demise.
VENAM: You're not making any sense, but I believe you.
KANON: You guys do? But-
VENAM: The proof is in the pudding. We don't have time to wallow in self pity.
Because you weren't able to do the job of destroying Kugearen, Gardevoir hired someone else.
We have to stop her at all costs. You with us?
KANON: ...Yes. Yes, you're right. I have to keep fighting, even without Salamence!
Besides, if Kugearen City is destroyed, that would mean Melia's death too.
She's done so much for me... I refuse to let her die.
VENAM: Good answer. \PN, Kanon... Let's save Kugearen City.
The crystal has been shattered!
I was born to become an inconvenience. Am I an inconvenience?
Hehehehe...
I can finally leave.
Hey, haven't I seen you before?
I can't really think of where I've seen you before!
I'll remember it someday!
Probably shouldn't go this way...
Oh? A young one? What are you doing all the way in here?
Ah, now I see.
You should be fine. You are a magnificent trainer.
VENAM: Yo, \PN. Over here.
That guy. Vitus or whatever. That was definitely Indriad.
Remember? The guy who tried to KILL us. He's walking around this time.
Something's bothering me, though. He wasn't acting like the guy we knew.
I dunno, seemed almost normal. Besides that Gardevoir that was totally strange.
The color that Gardevoir was different. It wasn't shiny or anything... It just exuded evil.
Anyway, you think we should follow him around? I mean, he's dangerous.
Care to be my partner in crime for a bit?
VENAM: Hell yes, dude! We're going to make sure this asshole doesn't do anything shady.
Anathea said she wanted him to take Maria to Kugearen for some tutoring session.
The place belongs to someone named Katsu. Shouldn't be too hard to find, yeah?
VENAM: Melia? I don't want to involve her. I wanna show her that I can be responsible and do this without her help.
C'mon, we can do this! Anathea said she wanted Vitus to take Maria to Katsu's house.
That shouldn't be too hard to find, right?
VENAM: Seriously... This isn't a joke. Someone can get hurt out there.
Suck it up and help me tail this guy. I'm not allowing him to be an asshole to anyone else!
Anathea asked him to take Maria to her tutoring session. To Katsu's house or whatever.
VENAM: I'm not crazy, right? That Vitus guy was definitely Indriad.
Yes
No
Worried?
Scared?
Taking too long to find me?
Let's do this.
What about Melia?
I dunno...
[Map241]
VENAM: No way. It can't be...
\PN isn't that the mansion we saw in the sewers?!
There's no doubt about it. It's the same one. I'd remember that place for sure.
VENAM: Nu-uh... I think I lost my appetite. I'm uncomfortable.
ANATHEA: Is... there something wrong?
VENAM: Oh, uh... No! \| I was just talking about your kick-ass yard.
Wish my front yard was as nice as this place.
ANATHEA: My... You sure have an interesting vocabulary, don't you?
But thank you for the compliment! This garden means a lot to my husband and I!
VENAM: Husband?
ANATHEA: Yes! He's waiting for me inside. He'll probably be red as a tomato after he figures out that I left home.
VENAM: I don't remember her from before. Maybe this is before we ran into Indriad all the way back when?
In that case, do you think Marianette would still be here?
\PN... We know what Indriad was capable of. We have to be prepared for anything.
I have your back, do you have mine?
VENAM: Heh, thanks \PN. Don't worry. We should be fine.
VENAM: Fine then. Look after yourself.
VENAM: Alright. What's going on here?!
OFFICER: Mr. Blakeory has placed charges on you and Mr. Theolia.
VENAM: You're placing charges on us? What did we do?
OFFICER: Apparently you all barged in his office and threatened him.
He believes that his personal well-being is at stake.
Following this apprehension will begin the demolition of this illegal household as well.
VITUS: D-Demolition?! My wife and child live in this establishment! You cannot!
Arrest me. Do what you will, but spare this child and my family!
OFFICER: Orders are orders, and we're being pressed to follow them.
VITUS: Please...
VENAM: Come closer. I dare you. I'll be difficult too.
My snake will tear you all apart. So be my guest.
OFFICER: Are you resisting arrest? In that case-
VITUS: Venam. Please, stop.
VENAM: But... I can't just let this happen... This is injustice!
VITUS: Let's just go peacefully. We'll get through this.
VENAM: Mr. Theolia...
VITUS: Please, I must at least ask for you to wait until Mr. Blakeory and I discuss this once more.
VENAM: I... I hate that I have to just sit here and do nothing!
VITUS: Venam. I'm going to ask you to do something that may get you in a vast amount of trouble.
I'm not going to let these hooligans take my house away from my family.
Just look for my signal.
VENAM: ...Hmph. Got it.
OFFICER: Tangrowth, Power Whip!
VITUS: Now-
ANATHEA: Vitus, is something happening? What's with all the noise?
VENAM: Oh...\| My God.
VITUS: What just... happened...\| Anathea!
Get out of my way!
OFFICER: I... I didn't know there was someone still inside.
VENAM: You fucking idiot. IT'S A HOUSE. PEOPLE LIVE IN HOUSES!
You just showed up here and evicted us out without asking any questions.
All because Mr. Blakeory, yet again, showed off his supreme greed!
OFFICER: N-No. This wasn't actually an order from Mr. Blakeory.
VENAM: What are you talking about?! You just said-
OFFICER: It was someone else. Someone unrelated.
???: Ahahaha! Fantastic. Marvelous! You've all done very well!
GARDEVOIR: To think you would've failed at your job, but as a result, did something far more useful!
TANGROWTH: T-Tang...???
Anathea was nothing but a virus in this household.
Now that she's out of the way, Vitus can do what he was always destined to.
I am eternally grateful! Let me be a proper host and give you your just reward!
OFFICERS: Forget the agreement. We're out of here!
GARDEVOIR: Agreement? Hm... I can't seem to recall such a thing!
VENAM: Gardevoir, you bitch! Did you set this up?!
GARDEVOIR: I don't think you should be focusing your strength on me.
Perhaps you should do something more productive, like finding your friend.
VENAM: ...!
GARDEVOIR: Hehehaha...\| Hahahaha!
<o=128>???: Maria...</o>
Yeah!
Nah.
[Map242]
Welcome to the Caf La Yum!
We hope your stay is an enjoyable one!
O-Oh dear, that was quite frightening.
Students who don't study get a taste of my Quick Claw!
You'll be surprised how helpful a Quick Claw can be in battle. Why don't you take this?
I hope you'll be studious as well!
I hope you continue to be studious as well!
Have you heard of a Fossil Reviver? It's a machine being developed here at Blakeory Co.!
The food here at La Yum! is amazing! I never get anything else.
What was that all about? It has me worried sick!
I'm trying my best, sir! Please don't use the Quick Claw!
KATSU: You're that child from earlier, hm?
Don't think I didn't notice you eavesdropping. My opinion of you is very low. Good day.
KATSU: No, keep the power to max. We'll need enough power to activate the generator.
After that, record your results.
CLERK: Welcome to Blakeory Co.! Unfortunately, visitors are not allowed unless an appointment has been established.
KANON: ...
Don't talk to me. If the teacher sees, I'm going to get sliced!
I'm a little busy right now, please don't bug me!
Do you mind? I'm enjoying my food...
That was so cool! \nI want to be here everyday!
I'm incredibly glad that I have the opportunity to work at such a high ranking facility.
MELIA: Hey, \PN! Sorry, I'm on the clock! See you later!
MELIA: I thought being back here would be a little more relaxing, but it's stressing me out.
Don't take what Kanon said to heart. He's really troubled.
Just keep an eye on Venam for me, okay?
KID1: Trade you my Weavile for your Munchlax!
KID2: Munchlax is pretty hot... try again.
MARIA: Hi!
Being a Pokemon Ranger is hard work! It makes meals like this so much better, though!
Whoa, it's a good thing that settled quickly. I'd have to jump in and stop it from progressing!
These plans are coming together quite swimmingly!
VITUS: Good day to you, Katsu.
KATSU: Ah, Mr. Theolia. Pleasure to have you in my house once again.
VITUS: I've brought Maria for 'Tasia's tutoring session.
KATSU: That much is clear, Mr. Theolia.
VITUS: Please, call me Vitus.
KATSU: Very well, Vitus. If that's all, I must ask that you leave. I am a very busy woman.
VITUS: Sorry, but there's more.
Maria, why don't you go to 'Tasia? There's things I must discuss with Katsu.
MARIA: Okay, I will!
VITUS: I wanted to speak about the manner of how you educate 'Tasia.
KATSU: With all do respect, <i>Vitus</i>, I don't think it's your business telling me how to raise my daughter.
VITUS: Pardon my rude behavior. I did not mean to impose.
I just suggest that you give her a break every now and then. A child also requires freedom and leisure to succeed.
KATSU: Anastasia is not an ordinary child. She is a genius, and I will not have her waste her potential.
VITUS: Sure, her intellect is high, but her social skills are suffering.
KATSU: That's enough, Vitus. You're pissing me off. Learn your place.
Give your daughter all the breaks you want, but when it's time for entrance exams, mine will be on top.
We'll see just how well your "breaks" do for you then.
Now, as I've reiterated many times, I am a very busy woman with an agenda.
I don't have time for this, Mr. Theolia. If you would go now, that would be lovely.
VITUS: Sigh... I tried. She's a brick wall-- A lost cause.
VENAM: Uhm, Mr. Theolia?
VITUS: Oh, you're the two children who saved Anathea.
VENAM: Yeah, we overheard it all. Whoops.
VITUS: I suppose you were destined to encounter Katsu's stubbornness one way or another.
VENAM: If it means anything, I'm on your side. Kids need breaks.
VITUS: Unfortunately for 'Tasia, I don't think that will be a reality for her. Poor girl.
This won't be forever, though. Soon she'll be free of her mother's overprotective nature.
VENAM: Still, it's gonna suck until then.
VITUS: Be it as it may, I'm done here. I have a meeting with Mr. Blakeory down at Blakeory Co.
VENAM: Oh, right... Uh, do you mind if \PN and I tag along?
VITUS: I suppose there's no harm in that, but I must warn you that this meeting isn't exactly joyous.
VENAM: Well that was way easier than I thought.
Vitus <i>seems</i> to be a down to earth guy, but...
What happens to him that turns him into such a huge asswipe?
I guess we'll learn soon enough. Let's go.
VENAM: Wait a minute... He said Blakeory Co.
Oh you've gotta be kidding me...
There's a huge mansion out east of Kugearen. Not much is known about it for some reason.
VENAM: Table for two.
CLERK: Perfect. Please follow our host to your table.
WAITRESS: Welcome to Kugearen Caf.
What can I get for you?
VENAM: I'm gonna have the spicy curry. Extra cheese!
WAITRESS: Got it, and what will you have?
\PN and Venam had a lovely dining experience at the Kugearen Cafe!
VENAM: Oh man. That frickin' hit the spot!\| DELICIOUS!\| PERFECT!
What about you? Did you enjoy the food or is my taste just garbo?
VENAM: Right? I forgot what you ordered, but the spicy curry was the best.
The blend of spices was perfectly balanced. The water was perfectly mediocre, therefore staying in the range of perfect.
VENAM: You know, when people say something's "alright", they probably just straight up disliked it.
At least be honest with your feelings.
Even if it's perfectly good, or bad, it's still in that realm of perfect, y'know?
VENAM: Dang, I guess my taste really is shit. But at least you're honest about it!
But you know what? If it was perfectly awful, then I guess that still stays in the realm of perfect.
KANON: A weird conclusion to come to, as nothing can truly be "perfect".
VENAM: Huh? Oh, it's just you, Kanon. I guess you did say you wanted to come down here.
KANON: Yeah. I love the food here.
VENAM: It's pretty good. Anyway, did you meet up with Melia?
KANON: No, she's busy unfortunately.
VENAM: Wish that dork would've been the one to take my order.
KANON: "Dork"? That's rich coming from you.
VENAM: Damn... Was that drag necessary? I was just kidding around.
KANON: I can tell just by the way you talk. You don't take anything seriously, do you?
VENAM: ...The fuck is going on here? I said I was kidding around, asshole!
KANON: You guys don't belong here. You weren't chosen. You're out of place.
This isn't a game. People are suffering everyday and you're here acting like this is some kind of game.
VENAM: \PN, I'm gonna kick this little magician's ass if he doesn't stop talking shit!
KANON: Sigh... Typical. You lean on violence for everything. Silly.
But I've seen real violence. Real fear. You're nothing compared to it.
VENAM: Oh really? Let me be so honored to show you what violence looks like again.
KANON: Again with the violence. Fine, I'll induldge you.
SALAMENCE: Saaala!!!
VENAM: Come on out!
CHARIZARD: Ch-Char??
VENAM: C-Calm down, Charizard. It's fine!
KANON: Having trouble controlling your Charizard? Pathetic.
KANON: Are you going to stand there and be a problem too?
Fine, I can take both of you without any problems.
*Please choose two Pokemon to participate*
KANON: Salamence, attack!
I-Impossible! Salamence can't be defeated!
VENAM: Heh, not bad, huh?
KANON: Definitely not terrible. I take back what I said before.
Your fighting indicates you all have been through actual turmoil.
However.\| That Charizard...
CHARIZARD: Char, char! Char Char!
KANON: Is truant.
MELIA: What are you all doing?! You can't have a Pokemon battle in here!
Venam... Is that Tesla's Charizard?!
VENAM: N-NO! Maybe. PERHAPS.
MELIA: Did you seriously steal her Charizard after everything she's done for us?!
CHARIZARD: Char!! Charrr!!!
MELIA: Control that thing!
KANON: Salamence, Outrage!
VENAM: ...Thanks.
MELIA: Now that that's settled, you all have to leave.
KANON: Leave? But...
MELIA: Yes, you're involved too Kanon. I know you're troubled, but this is unacceptable!
KANON: ...I.
MELIA: All three of you have caused such a scene. Let me at least perform some sort of damage control!
Out, all of you!
VENAM: Fine.
I'm going through all the data and can confirm that the moon, in fact, does not have a face.
I'm studying for my Pokemon exam! Fire beats... what type?
I don't think that's right...
That's right! Hurray! You must know a lot about Pokemon!
Here, you can have this.
Fire beats grass! Grass beats Water! Water beats Fire!
I'm going to pass my exams with flying colors!
My youngest daughter is experiencing her journey in the Unova region.
We're all hoping she does well!
MELIA: Venam. Get up. You know you're fine, and I know you're fine.
VENAM: M-Man that felt awful. It feels like my insides are about to explode.
*Burp*.... Oh god.....
MELIA: \PN and I aren't going to sit around and wait for you to stop exaggerating.
VENAM: Alright, alright. So like... What was all of that?
We were just in a forest, and now we're stuck in a stuffy room?
MELIA: Heh. Well, you'll see. Let's get out of this place first.
VENAM: Gah... you heard the lady.
Don't bother me right now, I'm busy!
Living in the big city can be really exciting!
It can also be really tiring, too.
My little brother thinks he's cool because he got accepted at the Pokemon School.
I'm proud of him, but learn to be humble!
Bathroom: VACANT.
???: T-This bathroom is occupied!
(Help, there is no toilet paper in here...)
... Offer them some toilet paper?
???: YOU HAVE TOILET PAPER?!
Well give it here!
GUY: Hey thanks! If you weren't here, I would've been stuck in there forever!
What a shitty day it's been!
Please, let me reward you with this!
I found this in the toilet tank while looking for toilet paper!
Why was I looking there...?
... I was desperate, okay?
Okay, bye!
???: Please, understand.
MRBLAKEORY: ... Well? Out with you!
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
It looks like someone shattered the Timesplicer crystal...
The food here is great, but do we have to come here everyday?
Pokemon have started to become really aggressive lately.
I'm kinda scared, honestly! Hehe!
???: Ah, Mr. Theolia. What brings you back into my establishment?
VITUS: Mr. Blakeory, you know why I am here. I'm here to settle our little dispute.
MRBLAKEORY: Hmph, I see. Yes, this is very much an unfortunate predicament.
I'm sorry Mr. Theolia, but I don't plan to change my stance.
VENAM: So... Is anyone going to fill us in? What's going on here exactly?
MRBLAKEORY: It's quite simple. Mr. Theolia here built property he did not own.
I purchased the unclaimed territory with plans to expand Kugearen City further.
VITUS: That's ridiculous! I have lived here far longer than the people of Kugearen City.
I allowed you to build Kugearen City as long as you didn't disrupt my family's personal life.
But I see that doesn't matter to you. There's no respect here.
MRBLAKEORY: ...Allowed me?! What nonsense is this? I do not require permission from an off-grid family.
In fact, you have no grounds to! I bought this land with my own hard earned money, Mr. Theolia.
I also bought the land your house is currently standing on.
VENAM: Eat my ass, Mr. Blakeory.
You're really going to put a family out on the streets for something so greedy?
But I guess I expected this selfishness coming from a Blakeory.
MRBLAKEORY: My word... I'll have you know that I had no such intention. I gave them a deal.
Once Kugearen City is expanded, they can own an apartment free of charge.
Isn't that a fair trade off?
VENAM: I mean... That's a sweet deal, but that's still not...
Whatever, we don't accept it!
VITUS: Precisely. I do not intend to move my family anywhere.
MRBLAKEORY: Mr. Theolia. You do just make everything so difficult.
Do what you will, but you'll regret this someday.
VITUS: So that's all, then?
MRBLAKEORY: That's all.
VENAM: Well fine then, we're leaving.
VENAM: You can go back to the mansion without me, \PN.
I have to make a quick stop.
Kugearen Caf has a lot to offer the hungry bellies of seasoned trainers!
Please don't come back. What I witnessed was just awful.
ANASTASIA: H-Hello...
My dad's telling me to get a job, but you know what I say?
I need help. I'm awkward. I don't know what I'm doing and I'm scared.
*Please choose a Pokemon to participate*
Just in town for a few days, but I guess this place isn't so bad.
VENAM: What's this guy's deal?
Welcome to La Yum! Today's special is Curry! Please enjoy!
Sorry! Mr. Blakeory isn't in at the moment. Please come back later!
This food... so... good.... mrgph!
It was excellent!
It was alright.
Awful.
Fire
Water
Grass
Yes
No
[Map243]
VITUS: Good day, Katsu.
KATSU: Ah, Mr. Theolia. Pleasure to have your presence once again.
VITUS: As you can see, I have brought Maria over to help Anastasia with her studies.
KATSU: That much is clear, Mr. Theolia.
VITUS: Please, call me Vitus.
KATSU: Sure thing, Vitus. If that will be all, then I must ask you to leave. I am a very busy woman.
VITUS: I understand, but no, that's not all I came here to talk about.
Maria, why don't you go start helping 'Tasia out?
MARIA: Okay, I will!
VITUS: I wanted to speak about... the manner of how you educate 'Tasia.
KATSU: With all do respect, <i>Vitus</i>, I don't think it's your business telling me how to raise my daughter.
VITUS: Pardon my rudeness, I did not mean to impose.
I just wanted to suggest giving her a break every now and then. A child needs freedom in their life.
KATSU: Anastasia is not an ordinary child. She is a genius and I will not have her waste her potential on trivial things such as that.
VITUS: Sure, you're growing her book smarts, but a child need social skills as well. Why not-
KATSU: You're pissing me off, Vitus. Learn your place.
You can give your daughter breaks, but when it's time for them to enter college, Tasia will be on top.
We'll see how good your "breaks" are then.
Now, as I reiterated many times before, I am a very busy woman, with an agenda I might add.
I do not have time to discuss silly things with you, Mr. Theolia. If you would just go now, thanks.
VITUS: Talking to her feels like talking to a brick wall.
VENAM: Uh, Mr. Theolia?
VITUS: Oh, you two. Did you hear all that?
VENAM: Yeah, we kinda did. Whoops, our fault.
VITUS: Save yourself the grief. You were going to encounter Katsu's stubbornness one way or another.
VENAM: If it means anything, I thought you were 100% right. I mean, damn, kids need to just relax.
VITUS: Unfortunately for 'Tasia, that isn't a reality. Poor girl. This won't be forever, though.
VENAM: Yeah, oh well.
VITUS: Now if you would excuse me, I have a meeting with Mr. Blakeory down at Blakeory CO.
VENAM: Oh, right. Uh, do you mind if we tag along? Every guy needs a couple of lackeys you know!
VITUS: I can't say that I do... but if you wish to tag along I suppose there's no harm in that.
Quickly now, I have to get back home and finish up some work.
VENAM: That was easier than I thought.
Vitus <i>seems</i> to be a down to earth guy, but...
What happens to him that turns him into such an asswipe?
I guess we'll learn soon enough. Let's go.
I'm a little busy right now, please don't bug me!
MARIA: Hi!
I wonder if we should keep the power down to a more suitable level?
KATSU: Thank you for escorting me back home, but...
ERIN: If you're worrying about your daughter, I'm sure she's fine.
You'll kill yourself with stress, and then what will your daughter do?
Just take it easy for a little bit.
Ms. Katsu is a very intelligent woman. She knows everything! Except being a parent.
It's a notebook that has an extensive amount of filled pages.
Read it?
"Meet Existentialists whom harten."
"To the person reading this,\n This notebook was meant for you.
I have studied the heart of humans and Pokemon for a very long time.
The heart I refer to is not the physical one, but the spiritual one. You may even refer to it as a soul.
You may have come across Pokemon with closed hearts. These are called Shadow Pokemon.
Shadow Pokemon feel nothing but the desire to hurt and destroy. Truly and utterly soulless beings.
These Pokemon are known for attacking Pokemon <i>and</i> humans alike.
Fortunately, a process known as "purification" was created to re-open the hearts of Shadow Pokemon.
This created the possibility of redemption for Pokemon thought to be too far gone.
Too far gone... ah yes.
I've come across beings far worse than Shadow Pokemon.
Beings <i>completely</i> devoid of every emotion excluding hatred.
... I think I shall call these Pokemon... \rDimensional Rift Pokemon.
These beings are Pokemon that have their inner darkness amplified to its maximum potential.
This emotion then implodes within the Pokemon. This allows the Pokemon to gain a circular-orb form.
Although this is the first form they take, it is their dormant form. In this form, they cannot do much.
... However, when provoked, the Pokemon can morph into their true body. Born from hatred of course.
This is when a being like no other appears. It is very, very, difficult to revert them back at this state.
Heh...
But should we?
It is then when they are most vulnerable. Their body is the literal manifestation of their heart and soul.
It is in this form that we are able to purify them back into their original being.
The process isn't too complicated either. You may not understand it, but someone will.
Take this book and follow these directions:"
... It gets really complicated from here on out, but this seems very important.
Take the book?
A new timeline has been created. This action has affected the future.
You left the book alone.
KATSU: You're that kid from earlier, aren't you?
Don't think I didn't notice you eavesdropping on us.
I'll have you know that my opinion of you is very low.
Good day to you.
KATSU: No, keep the power to max. We'll need enough power to activate the generator.
After that, record your results.
The generator in this house is used to create an efficient, yet green way of creating energy.
I'm not so sure if it's safe, though. That's what we're testing.
ANASTASIA: H-Hello...
"Day X, Year X, Month X...
No matter how many times I try... I find myself in this loop of failure.
But I must not fail. If I fail this means the end of humanity as we know it.
That wretched old fool has created the catalyst to end the world as we know it.
I've seen it. I've seen the horror this world will be known to.
I shall stop this at any cost. Even if it costs the lives of myself and my friends.
The one who will save us all. I have seen them as well.
Their name was-
You didn't hear this from me, but Ms. Katsu could be working for Mr. Blakeory at Blakeory Co.
Why is this a big deal? Well, I'm not sure actually. It may be fishy, or not.
Either way, why work in secret?
Yes
No
[Map244]
AELITA: C'mere Red Heracross... Don't be rude.
ERIN: I think we're being the rude ones here.
That being said, they need to get over it and come with us.
HERACROSS: Hera...
Captured the Red Heracross!
ERIN: Ergh...
MELIA: Erin? You okay?
ERIN: Y-Yeah, I just feel really warm all of a sudden.
AELITA: Yikes, you're running a fever! Where did this come from?
ERIN: Wish I could tell you. It just happened so suddenly...
MELIA: We have what we came here for. Let's get Erin back to the house.
HERACROSS: Hyiera!
AELITA: What the hell?! What was that for?
MELIA: Are you okay, Aelita?
AELITA: Yeah, I'm fine. Not even a scratch on me.
That Heracross just wanted to be a JERK.
Let's get out of this stupid forest.
SPACEA: Thank you very much for getting back my amulet, Heracross.
HERACROSS: Hera!
SPACEA: Now, we wait. History is about to take a new course.
We can only believe that they will make it through this successfully.
ERIN: It'll probably be best if we all manage to capture one Heracross each.
You know, just in case.
AELITA: \PN! I saw the red Heracross! It zoomed right past me!
AELITA: We're looking for a Heracross, right? How hard can it be to find one?
The Red Heracross ran towards the back of the forest!
MELIA: C'mere Heracross... Where are you?
[Map245]
RORIM B: Darling, do you need to return to Terajuma Shore?
RORIM B: Darling, where do you need to go?
AELITA: We should be good for now, but I have a feeling they'll be chasing us down soon...
MELIA: ... I can't believe Ren would side with such... losers...
Go where?
\sh\c[7]RORIM B: CRAWLI!!!
CRAWLI: D-Dad!
RORIM B: I'm very glad everything turned out well, darling.
CRAWLI: I dunno if everything turned out alright, but I'm still living and breathing!
RORIM B: And that's all that matters. The beauty of life is within you!
And I am happy.
AELITA: So heartwarming...
MELIA: What are you going to do now, Crawli?
CRAWLI: I'll probably head back to my Gym. I have to keep tabs on Terajuma.
MELIA: In that case, do you mind challenging \PN for a badge?
CRAWLI: Absolutely! Just let me know when you guys are ready.
RORIM B: Then let us go! The boat is ready to head out!
Travel back with the gang to Kakori?
Terajuma Island.
None.
Oceana Pier.
Teila Resort
Kristiline Town
Terajuma Shore
More
Oceana Pier
Akuwa Town
None
Sashila Village
Yes
No
[Map246]
Have you heard of a Fossil Reviver? It's a machine being developed here at Blakeory Co.!
ZzZz....
Hah, he's takin' a snooze!
Oh no, I may be losing my job soon! I didn't finish what I was supposed to...
Maybe I shouldn't have wasted my time looking at Pokemon battles.
Whoever was using this computer must've loved anime...
Oh, sorry! Mr. Blakeory isn't in at the moment. Please come by later.
Don't bother me right now, I'm busy!
???: Please, understand.
MRBLAKEORY: ... Well? Out with you!
Do you think it would be weird if the moon suddenly grew a face? I'd give this place three days tops before people leave.
???: Ah, Vitus. What brings you here?
VITUS: Well, Mr. Blakeory, I'm sure you know why I'm here. It's about our little "dispute".
MRBLAKEORY: I see. Yes, this is a very unfortunate position we're both in.
Unfortunately, I don't plan to change my decision.
VENAM: Um, would someone like to brief me on what's going on here?
MRBLAKEORY: It's simple. Mr. Theolia here built a mansion on property he did not own.
I bought the unclaimed territory and plan to expand Kugearen City even further.
VITUS: Ridiculous! I have lived here far longer than the people of Kugearen City.
I allowed you to build Kugearen City as long as you didn't disrupt my family's personal life.
But it seems none of that matters now.
MRBLAKEORY: "Allowed me"? What nonsense is this? You have not allowed me to do anything!
In fact, you have no grounds to! I bought this land with my own hard earned money, Mr. Theolia.
I also bought the land your house is currently standing on.
VENAM: That doesn't matter! Can't you see this guy has a family?
You're really going to evict a family for your own gain?
MRBLAKEORY: Well of course not! I didn't plan to just make these people homeless. I gave them a deal.
Once Kugearen City is expanded, they can own an apartment free of charge.
Isn't that a fair trade off?
VENAM: ... I mean, that's a sweet deal and all, but...
We don't accept. We're not moving!
VITUS: Precisely. I do not intend to move my family anywhere. We're staying where we are.
MRBLAKEORY: Sigh... You always have to make everything difficult.
Do what you will, but you'll regret this someday.
VITUS: So that's all, then?
MRBLAKEORY: That's all.
VENAM: Well fine then, we're leaving.
VENAM: You can go back to the mansion without me, \PN.
I have to make a quick stop.
I'm incredibly glad that I get the opportunity to work at such a high ranking facility such as this one.
VENAM: I wonder what this guy's deal is?
These plans are coming together quite swimmingly!
[Map247]
AELITA: So this Route 4, huh? That massive Reservoir the Eldest told us about.
They say trainers get extra benefits for being inside of a reservoir!
I don't really know what those are, but I'd imagine they're good!
Since we're here, we should take a look around and see what we can find!
LASS: Is this your first time to Route 4? Oh, that's so cute!
NIM: I've been here before, but this is \PN's first time here!
LASS: Then let me give you a warm welcome!
Does that mean you won't?
You're a meanie!
AELITA: There you guys are! Let's take a moment to relax and reset!
AELITA: Nim, do you happen to know how close we are to Akuwa Town?
NIM: ...
Um, we're not too far now. We just have to follow the path up north and we're there...
AELITA: Great! We're making record breaking time here!
NIM: M-Me? I'm fine! I'm totally fine, there's nothing weird at all!
In fact, I'm going to prove it by giving you a wacky fun fact!
Did you know you could dip your french fries into milkshakes? It's true!
AELITA: Huh...\| I guess I never thought to try that. Maybe next time!
NIM: It's very good...!
NIM: M-Me? Acting weird? N-No, it's okay! Hahahahaha.\| Ha.
AELITA: Hmm, are you sure?
NIM: Yes! Please do not worry about me.
A-Anyway, what's so important about Akuwa Town and this Saki Blakeory?
I mean, do you guys really have to go?
AELITA: Yes! \PN and I are doing it so we can get this Snag Machine repaired.
We've been constantly battling against Team Xen, and even stumbled onto their Shadow Pokemon production site!
That place is destroyed now, though, so there may not be many Shadows left.
But as long as they exist, we cannot let Team Xen use them for evil!
NIM: \PN! Wowie, wow! Can't believe we ran into each other like this!
The chances of this nigh... nimpossible...
AELITA: ...Hello! You know \PN?
NIM: Hhhyeah I do! \PN and I had a run in on Route 2.
It's kinda funny how we ran into each other on another Route that's a multiple of 2!
By the way, what's your name?
AELITA: It's Aelita, pleased to meet you... Uh...?
NIM: It's Nim! You can call me Nim!
But, uhm, are you two, by chance, on your way to Akuwa Town?
AELITA: That's right! \PN and I are on a mission to find this person called Saki Blakeory.
Apparently she's hangin' around Akuwa Town right now, so we're gonna go check up with her.
NIM: O-Okay, well, you guys mind if I tag along for a little while?
AELITA: The more, the merrier! Please do come with us!
NIM: R-Really? Awesome! I won't be a burden, I swear!
NIM: Aelita went off ahead, \PN! Do you want to catch up with her with me?
This place is massive, but the path to Akuwa Town is pretty straightforward!
Don't worry, I'm strong! I'll keep your team healthy and protected!
You okay, Nim?
You're acting weird...
[Map248]
???: ... Hello.
".... You are invited!"
IRVIN: I don't think Kanon would appreciate you going through his things.
VENAM: So this is Kanon?
IRVIN: Working as this region's professor is hard work.
It's quite entertaining, though.
IRVIN: Weird things have been happening. I wonder if that's a sign of...
IRVIN: Has something happened? Where's Kanon?
VENAM: Soooo, what's with the getup?
???: Huh?
VENAM: You kind of look like a mage in that outfit is all. I think it's pretty cool, actually.
???: Thanks, I guess.
My name is Kanon.
VENAM: I'm Venam, and this is \PN. We're friends of Melia.
KANON: Melia...?! Is she back?
VENAM: Quite enthusiastic about Melia, huh?
I guess you can say she's back.
KANON: Where is she?
VENAM: Ah, she was here a second ago, but-
IRVIN: She's working at her old job to gain some money for the town.
KANON: Sir, do you... do you mind if I take a small break to go see Melia?
IRVIN: As you wish, but don't take too long. There is much work to be done.
KANON: Okay! Thanks sir! I'll be right back!
VENAM: Pushy!
IRVIN: Melia and Kanon are pretty close. Both of them were in a state of panic when they were rescued.
That being the case, they warmed up and related to each other almost instantly.
VENAM: Is that right?
IRVIN: Yes although, he is quite distant from any of the other members in this organization.
I don't know what goes on in his head. It's quite a problem.
VENAM: ... He better not try anything weird.
Anyway, I'm heading to Kugearen City. See what's goin' on. Bother Melia. The usual.
IRVIN: All right.
Just a warning. Be careful around the wild Pokemon. They've been quite aggressive lately and no one knows why.
I fear they sense disaster.
VENAM: I'm not scared of scrubs.
[Map249]
Locked.
IRVIN: I see you all took advantage of my surplus supply of clothing.
Not that I mind. If you all hadn't taken them, they would've stayed in those boxes forever.
MELIA: Hey \PN. We're gonna take it easy for the rest of the day.
Wanna settle down for the night?
MELIA: Yeah, me too. After what you guys went through, I'd imagine you are as well.
VENAM: Yesss.... Time to go to bed.
\ts[1]*Sometime after Midnight...*
KANON: Salamence... I'm sorry. I won't be irresponsible like that again.
I'll make new partners and from my mistakes I will do better.
KANON: I suppose I should get ready for bed. It's late.
KANON: ...? A visitor? At this hour?
Yes? Come in, I'm still awake.
KANON: Hello? I said you may come in.\| Is anyone there?
KANON: If I'm being pranked, I can't say that I appreciate it.
KANON: Listen, I-
KANON: G-Gyaaah!!
MELIA: Okie dokie, we're gonna chill in here until tomorrow then.
VENAM: I don't wanna do annnyyything anymore. Ever.
IRVIN: Being the region's professor is a lot of hard work, but it's all worth it in the end.
IRVIN: Weird things have been happening... I wonder if... No, I can't bear to think of the possibilities.
IRVIN: Hm... Things are getting very confrontational. How tiresome.
VENAM: Wow, hey there Merlin, what's with the mage outfit?
???: Huh?
VENAM: That wasn't an insult, by the way. It's a cool look for you.
???: Oh... In that case, thanks. My name is Kanon.
VENAM: I'm Venam, and this is \PN. We're old friends of Melia.
KANON: Melia? She's back?!
VENAM: Yeah, we just got back in. She's not with us right now though, obviously.
She had to go do something, I dunno. I wasn't really paying attention.
KANON: Probably working at her job again in Kugearen.
Irvin, I'm done with my studies. May you permit me to go see Melia?
IRVIN: As you wish, but don't take too long.
KANON: Thanks, sir. I won't be too long.
VENAM: Tch, pushy...
IRVIN: Please excuse the boy. He and Melia were very close friends.
They relied on each other a lot to get themselves through a hard change in their life.
VENAM: Hmph. Whatever.
\PN, you hungry? We should check out that restaurant in Kugearen too.
Meal's on me, kay? So don't be late!
IRVIN: Just a warning... Be careful of the wild Pokemon. They've been quite aggressive lately.
I'm sure this won't be needed, but as a precaution, I've hired a driver to drive you from here to Kugearen.
\PN's team was fully healed!
MELIA: It feels strange to be back here again. It feels nice.
IRVIN: And who might you be?
Ah, nevermind. We'll get acquainted officially in a moment.
Shall we wait until then?
It's Melia's diary. Would you like to read it?
"Day 1"
"Dear diary. Diaries are stupid. I hate them and I'm only writing this because I'm required to do so.
These past few days have been absolute hell. My life has changed in the span of a couple hours.
Everything and everyone I once knew no longer matter.
At least that's what Spacea told me. She's a bitch, I hate her.
She probably doesn't even care about me. Only what I have to "offer" this program. Just let me die."
Keep reading?
"Day 2"
"Dear diary, it's my second day here and I've never felt so alone.
It feels like I'm in a prison with no bars. I can leave this house, this town, but I can't leave this time.
Crescent visited me today and handed me a box filled with clothes. They were oddly pretty fashionable.
I tried to pick the scariest looking one so that no one would bother me. I don't think that worked, though.
Crescent seemed impressed by my clothing choice. She said we were "made for each other".
If you ask me, she just looks like Ms. EdgeQueen. Whatever. "
"Day 5"
"Irvin took me to Kugearen City today. It's a city just south of this small town.
There was something oddly nostalgic about this place. I quite enjoyed my time. That was until...
This old fart brought me to this restaurant and forced me to get a job there.
Like...
HELLO???????????????????????
Did I say I wanted a job?! I've only been here a few days! Give me a few to get adjusted, jesus christ!
I yelled at him when I got home that night, and holy hell was I furious.
He just turned to me and said "We need money."
WELL JOIN THE FUCKIN' CLUB OF PEOPLE WHO NEED THINGS. Over and out."
"Day 15"
"Dear diary, it's been a clean two weeks since I've been here and I rarely leave my room.
My old Pokemon were confiscated, but they allowed me to keep Togepi. I love Togepi so much. My last friend.
I don't know where they took the others, but I miss them dearly.
I wonder how Ren, Venam, and \PN are doing. I don't think I'll ever see them again and... I just don't know."
"Day 16"
"They rescued this boy named Kanon. He has dark brown hair and puppy dog eyes.
He practically looked like a deer in headlights. He had no idea what was going on.
Can you really blame him, though? He was probably snatched right before he met his end.
I guess I should get to know him. I hope Crescent wishes to be his friend as well.
Then we can be a trio or something. I've always wanted to be in a group of friends.
We're all here for each other, right...? "
"Day ???"
"Hey, it's been quite a long time since I've written in this diary. I haven't even said "dear diary" or anything.
It's been about... over a year now or something?
I wasn't going to write in this thing, but Kanon told me something that caught me off guard.
"You look nothing like you did a year ago."
A year ago. A year ago is when my life changed.
My hair is much longer, my Pokemon are much stronger.
Who am I? Am I still Melia? Am I someone else?
If I appeared before everyone back in my own time, would they recognize me?
This will probably be my last entry, because I'm not Melia anymore, and this diary is issued for Melia. "
"Day ???(2)"
"It seems all my training has prepared me for this day. A day in which I plant the seed of my revenge on Team Xen.
Crescent told me that \PN is in trouble and will most likely perish if I don't intervene.
If that didn't get me moving, it was the second objective.
To find out the truth behind Team Xen. Whatever that truth is... it's hidden at a place called Blacksteeple Castle.
If I can find out Team Xen's true motive and save \PN's life, I'll be so happy.
Besides, I owe \PN this for saving me back at Goldenwood Forest three years ago.
I swear to you \PN. No matter what, I will save you. Just wait for the woman called Emma.
And we'll leave together."
You closed the diary.
VENAM: It's been years since I've been rockin' my natural hair color.
It's not that I hate it, but I miss my purple locks...
VENAM: I'm so tireddddd.
I just wanna lay in bed and do nothing for the next decade.
VENAM: So... This is your room?
MELIA: Yep, it's a pretty nice room. It's what I've called home for a bit.
VENAM: Not to be rude, Melia... But this room is extremely messy.
MELIA: ...I went through a lot. Books and video games kept me sane, I guess.
VENAM: Oh...
MELIA: B-But I'm not trying to be a downer. Let's just forget about that.
VENAM: Yeah. Anyway...\| What's next?
MELIA: Hm... Well, there is that explanation I promised I'd give.
That's still on the table, but truthfully... I feel pretty gross right now, don't you guys?
We've been wearing these clothes for a while, and we've done quite a bit of traveling...
Shouldn't we freshen up a bit?
VENAM: Now that you mention it, I do feel pretty gross. We all look kinda rough, actually.
MELIA: Hold on, I got just the thing. Be right back!
**Thwump!!**
VENAM: Wow! It's a box. Riveting.
MELIA: Obviously it's what's inside the box that's important.
There's a bunch of clothes in here that we can choose from.
VENAM: Oooh... New clothes, new clothes!
MELIA: Teehee... Your excitement is cute. But I can't blame you.
Irvin has a bunch of clothes that he let's any of us use. They're all fashionable too, so it's really thoughtful of him.
Dunno where he got these clothes from, but by the way he chucked this box at me, it looks like he just wants them gone.
C'mon, \PN! You're welcome to look through the box too!
VENAM: Hah, found an awesome set of clothes for myself. It's going to be awesome.
MELIA: Hm... Hey Venam? How do you feel about removing that purple dye from your hair?
VENAM: No.
MELIA: Aw c'mon! I know you love your purple hair, but I have an awesome outfit in mind that will compliment your natural color!
VENAM: I REFUSE. THERE'S NO WAY. THE HAIR STAYS AS IS.
MELIA: Oh...? Is that so...\| Hehehe... We'll see about that!
VENAM: Melia... PLEASE!!!
MELIA: Let's go! I promise this'll look really good!
VENAM: NO! NOT THE HAIR. ANYTHING BUT THE HAIR!
MELIA: You'll thank me when I'm done styling! Just trust me a little!
VENAM: \PN CALL THE COPS. CALL THE FUCKIN' COPS! NOOOO!!!
KARRINA: ...
You can hear the sound of someone pacing back and forth...
\PN checked the drawers.
All that's in here is a black notebook.
There are tons of photos in the black notebook. One being of Irvin and a girl.
She looks very fashionable!
MELIA: Alright, time for introductions. \PN, Venam, this is Irvin.
Irvin, this is \PN and Venam.
IRVIN: A pleasure to meet you all.
VENAM: Heyyyy.
IRVIN: Where shall we begin? Is there anything you would like to know?
VENAM: I'm kind confused with this whole situation... Why are you all here?
IRVIN: I'm sure you're aware of the calamity that befell Aevium?
MELIA: Which we will be referring to as "Storm-9".
IRVIN: *Cough* Yes, Storm-9.
This town was founded by Spacea and Tiempa.
Two people who are aware of Storm-9's happenings and consequences.
They are aware of the great catastrophe that happened in Aevium around this time period.
Both believe that history is destined to repeat. So they are trying all they can to stop Storm-9 from happening again.
VENAM: "Again"? Storm-9 is going to occur twice? I assume in the present time?
IRVIN: That is their belief, yes. In order to prevent this...
Spacea and Tiempa have gathered people affected from the storm and brought them here.
During their time here, they train to become stronger in order to defeat any threat.
This cycle shall continue until Storm-9 happens in this time.
Once the event begins, we shall return to the future and use our combined strength to stop this storm from ever happening again.
MELIA: We've given ourselves the name "Storm Chasers". Fitting, right?
VENAM: I don't really get how becoming strong will stop a natural disaster from happening.
MELIA: That's the thing, we're sure people are trying to recreate what happened.
Our biggest suspect is Team Xen.
Which is why we're creating our own team to counter theirs.
VENAM: So you were recruited too then?
MELIA: Yeah, I was... It happened right before Zetta caught up to me.
Out of panic, I took the wrong turn and went somewhere I wasn't supposed to go.
I knew I was running the wrong way the entire time, but I couldn't stop running.
That's when I met them.
VENAM: ...All of that happened to you in Amethyst Cave?
I never would've imagined it. I'm sorry.
MELIA: Yep... And unfortunately, Crescent went rogue a few weeks after that point.
It's scary because Crescent was one of the strongest trainers we've ever come across.
So strong, that Spacea and Tiempa were getting a little worried.
VENAM: I don't care how strong she is. I'm not scared of her.
MELIA: I'm not scared of her either, but it's good to be careful.
VENAM: That's a fair point, I guess...
What about Spacea and Tiempa? Can I meet them now?
IRVIN: I'm afraid that's not possible at the moment.
MELIA: They can only appear when both space and time link up together.
VENAM: Ooookay? And that's when?
IRVIN: During an eclipse.
VENAM: I see...
MELIA: They can still watch over us, and they can use very small bits of their power...
But they cannot gain a physical form.
VENAM: One last question... Were you here in this time forever, or did you visit the present?
MELIA: A couple of times. Most of them dealing with Amethyst Cave.
VENAM: What brought you there?
IRVIN: We were looking for something called the Soul Stone.
MELIA: Hm? What is it \PN?
IRVIN: That's..!
MELIA: The Soul Stone! Where did you get that?!
VENAM: Looks like an ordinary stone to me. What's so special about this lump of rock?
IRVIN: The Soul Stone has the power to hold the souls of people who have passed.
Hm, but it looks empty right now.
MELIA: Empty? I don't see how that would be possible...
Considering what we've been through and all the people that were lost in the present time...
I would've thought some souls would have found their way into the stone...
IRVIN: Perhaps there were no souls to be absorbed.
MELIA: What are the chances of three people consecutively not having a soul?
IRVIN: Slim to none.
VENAM: Well, okay. That's enough talking for now. I'm going to meet the rest.
MELIA: The rest?
VENAM: Yeah, the other recruits!
MELIA: There's only one other recruit present right now. The others have gone on their own to train.
VENAM: All right, well then where's the one?
IRVIN: Kanon? He's at my lab.
But he's sort of a strange child. Try not to be too intimidating.
VENAM: Maximum intimidation. Got it.
MELIA: It's been a while since I've spoken to Kanon. Maybe I should visit him.
IRVIN: Erm, actually, I need you to do something else.
As you can probably tell, owning an entire town is quite expensive...
I'll need you to take a job at the restaurant in Kugearen City again for just a little while.
MELIA: What? I just got back... But I suppose there's nothing to be done.
I was hoping I'd never have to serve another table ever again.
IRVIN: Time-
MELIA: Yeah, yeah. Time stops for no one.
I'll be back later. See ya, Irvin, \PN.
IRVIN: As for you two, feel free to relax, but also know that we have rules here at the Amberette house.
The rules are posted next to the stairs. Don't forget to read them.
This box is filled with a myriad of different outfits and various accessories.
Change your appearance? (This can be changed back at any time.)
\PN changed clothes!
Change clothes?
KANON: I'm going to be honest, \PN... Even though we were successful, I feel a sense of grim.
Indriad and Gardevoir are still out there, and I lost my precious Salamence.
I guess it just means I'm grieving, but... This feels so bad.
IRVIN: Oh dear... This is troublesome.
MELIA: What's wrong, Irvin? You've been staring at that piece of paper for a while now.
IRVIN: Indeedee found this on Kanon's bed. It's a letter.
But not from Kanon himself...
VENAM: Eh...? Who else could it have been then?
IRVIN: It's from Spacea and Tiempa. They took Kanon and the explosive orb.
MELIA: What?! Why would they do such a thing?
IRVIN: Let me read out the letter.
"Dear Irvin, we have received your request and are delighted to see that things are moving nicely.
As a test for Venam and \PN, we have taken Kanon and the explosive orb.
They have been safely relocated to West Gearen in the present time.
If Kanon is not rescued within the next few days, the orb will explode.
\PN and Venam will take this test to become official members of our group.
As they are not official members, they are not allowed to know the classified info they have been presented.
Failure to succeed will result in their memories of this time being wiped.
As well as a tough penalty for Melia for allowing outsiders.
We have arranged another member of our group to aide them in this quest."
VENAM: What the...?\| I thought it was okay for us to be here!
MELIA: There aren't any rules against bringing in friends!
This is too convenient. Those two are pulling this new rule out of thin air!
IRVIN: I must admit that I have not been made aware of this as well.
VENAM: And what did she mean by she arranged another member to assist us?
???: I'm going to guess that she meant me.
VENAM: HUH?? Karrina?! What are you doing here?
KARRINA: Mm...? Venam? And \PN? I didn't expect to see you two here.
And Melia! You seem to be doing well. Compared to last time, at least.
VENAM: You knew that Karrina was part of this too?
MELIA: I've only met her a couple of times, but yeah?
I never said anything because it was against the rules of the house...
KARRINA: Got a letter last night saying to report back. So here I am.
I'd really like to take care of this soon. I have something to take care of back in West Gearen.
IRVIN: According to this letter, you are to assist \PN and Venam in rescuing Kanon who is currently in West Gearen.
It also should be noted that he has a highly explosive object on him that will detonate in a couple of days.
KARRINA: WHAT?!
There's already enough issues happening in West Gearen, and now on top of that there's an explosive?!
And to add on TOP of that, those two space idiots decided that saving an entire city should be left up to three kids?!
Am I the only sane one around here who notices that that's a LITTLE insane?!
VENAM: Hey, we've been through a lot, thank you! We're perfectly capable of doing this!
MELIA: If we don't, they'll wipe \PN and Venam's memory of this place!
KARRINA: And why am I supposed to care about that?!
And I mean no disrespect to you \PN. I'm grateful for what you did at Amethyst Cave for me.
But this is bigger than all of you. I'm going to be the one who takes care of this.
I've had enough of this ramshackle organization we have down here.
I'm going to take care of things here. You kids just keep doing your usual training.
I'm going to grab some of my stuff upstairs and head on out. Don't try and stop me.
VENAM: Talk about a huge fuckin' ego. She has a point, but we could've just tagged along and acted as back up.
Instead she wants to act high and mighty. What a waste of space.
MELIA: I'm not leaving it at that. We're going on this mission.
IRVIN: Sigh. I'm not one for conflict or confrontation.
Spacea and Tiempa may have picked Karrina very well knowing that she would act this way.
I suppose this would be step one of the mission.
MELIA: I understand.\| We've gotten stronger. We can handle this.
VENAM: You got a plan?
MELIA: Yep.
KARRINA: Goddamn, you scared me. What are you doing?
MELIA: We're not going to let you stop us from doing what we have to.
KARRINA: Is that right? What are you people going to do about it?
I'm confident that I'm stronger than all three of you.
VENAM: You sure about that? Even if it were true, we don't need strength to beat you.
KARRINA: And why's that?
MELIA: Because.
VENAM: We have the power of foul play.
VENAM: Lock the door!
\PN locked the door!
KARRINA: LET ME OUT!
MELIA: Rule #1 of the Amberette house. Destruction of the property is forbidden and won't be tolerated.
So unless you want a penalty, I suggest you stay in this room until we let you out later.
VENAM: So sit tight while we take care of things, sweetie. Bahaha.
KARRINA: You're wasting your time you idiots!
West Gearen City is under lockdown, which means there's no one going in or out!
I'd like to see you try to fix things without even getting the chance to do it!
MELIA: Now that that's settled. Let's get out of here and make our way to Kugearen Woods.
VENAM: Why the woods?
MELIA: There's a quick way back to Gearen City there. I'll show you guys.
???: Hello?
MELIA: Hey \PN! Could you come here for a moment?
It's a gaming system. It looks like it's been used quite a bit.
VENAM: This place is so nice... Is this where you stayed?
MELIA: Yeah. It's a nice place, I guess. I wish I could've come here on my own accord, but...
???: Hm? Is someone there?
???: Oh, hello...
Sorry, I wasn't expecting guests. Welcome to-
MELIA: Hello Irvin. No need to keep up the act. These guys are my friends from No Man's Land.
VENAM: H-Hello!
IRVIN: Oh, I understand. Well, welcome to the past, I suppose.
MELIA: Um, I'll explain stuff to you too, Irvin, but you could you give us a few moments upstairs?
IRVIN: Of course. I'll be waiting down here.
MELIA: My room, and I guess by extension, your rooms, is the first one on the right!
AELITA: Um, Melia? What are you doing?
Do we even have time still? The eclipse is ending very soon anyway...
MELIA: Irvin told me that if I ever need to speak to the "space hags", that I need to visit this lodge during an eclipse.
Even if the eclipse is over, they can reside in our world for just a small time after.
MELIA: ...And there. The request has been filled.
???: To ye who have called us... Allow us your time.
MELIA: Ah... You're actually here!
SPACEA: But of course, you've called upon us, haven't you?
TIEMPA: I see that \PN and Aelita are here as well?
The mission at Blacksteeple Castle was complete.
AELITA: ...You know my name?
SPACEA/TIEMPA: But of course. We see all throughout the passage of fate.
TIEMPA: Speak, Melia. What is the reason that you summoned us here today.
MELIA: Right... I wanted to ask you two something very important.
Someone close to me has been turned into stone.
I was wondering, with your power, would it be possible to...?
SPACEA: Restore her life force?
MELIA: Y-Yes! Please, I'm begging you! With all of my heart!
SPACEA: I'm afraid that's out of the question.
MELIA: What...? Why? Why won't you help Venam?
TIEMPA: That is not within our realm of purpose; We exist for one thing and one thing only.
\c[6]To stop Storm-9 and welcome a new future into this world.
AELITA: So basically you're saying that you can do it, you just won't.
SPACEA: We do not interfere with mortal lives unless directly ordered to do so.
MELIA: Ordered? Aren't you the founders of this organization?
TIEMPA: To a degree. Think of us as Admins.
SPACEA: We exist solely to please\c[6] Her Majesty.
AELITA: Melia, this is looking like a bust. Let's just forget about this.
We can save Venam in our own way.
MELIA: You two... Are nothing less than awful!
TIEMPA: Melia, what is more important? The fate of a single life, or the fate of the majority?
SPACEA: Suppose this world is decided on two outcomes. Veronica dies and the world is saved.
Or Veronica lives and there are millions of casualties?
MELIA: I... I don't want to answer that! I don't even want to think of that scenario...
AELITA: Obviously the morally "right" answer here is saving the millions.
But this isn't a fair question based on the context given. Stupid hags.
MELIA: Aelita's right. I refuse to answer. We're done here.
SPACEA: If that will be all, then it is time for you to leave.
Before that, we'd like to bestow a gift upon you three.\| Take these.
TIEMPA: These are amulets that I've crafted using my\c[6] Time Gears.
SPACEA: It's an object that allows the flow of time to be controlled.
However, they have many other side effects. Some of which you'll discover very soon.
AELITA: I'm not really one for jewelry, but I guess we'll take them...
MELIA: Thanks. We'll be off now.
AELITA: We're heading off to Sheridan now?
MELIA: ...
AELITA: Melia, are you okay?
MELIA: Oh, yeah... Sorry, we're gonna meet up with Erin there.
Someone told us that Sheridan is east of Kugearen Woods, so...
Guess we'll make our way in that direction.
AELITA: Got it, let's go.
SPACEA/TIEMPA: One day you'll learn. That day is coming soon.\| Very soon.
MELIA: The eclipse has come and gone, but I'd still like to talk to both of you.
Right now.
MELIA: So, you actually were able to appear.
I suppose the stipulation with the eclipse was another lie too?
TIEMPA: We figured you may have wanted to speak to us, so we have stored power to appear once more.
MELIA: How prudent of you.
You both knew exactly what you were throwing \PN and I into, right?
That was the point in giving us the Time Gear Amulets, yes?
SPACEA: Precisely.
MELIA: Understood.
So you understand the hell we had to endure and you did it anyway?
TIEMPA: While a move not justifiable by humanity's standard, we did what had to be done.
We had to prepare you to make decisions that involve sacrifice.
SPACEA: This was the will of Our Majesty.
All to provide for the greater good.
\sh\c[7]MELIA: Fuck you!
I don't care what "higher power" made you do this.
If you ever decide to put \PN and I through something like that again, I'll make sure to make sacrifices.
Two of them, to be exact. For the greater good, right?
I'm grateful for your help that day in Amethyst Cave, but this is where I break ties.
Understand?
TIEMPA: If that is what you wish.
MELIA: Let's make it a demand.
\PN, let's get out of here.
Rules of the Amberette House!
Rule #1: Destruction of the property and its surroundings is forbidden, and will not be tolerated!
Rule #2: Existing members shall not reveal other members unless given permission to.
Rule #3: Failure to complete missions may result in eviction and memory wipe.
Rule #4: Respect your peers.
VENAM: So this is Kanon?
KANON: And thus, we've come here to ask if you knew what to do with it.
IRVIN: ...
Well, I've examined this thing and it seems to be chock full of psychic energy.
As long as it remains intact, it should be safe.
KANON: Professor, we already knew that. We want to know how to get rid of it safely.
IRVIN: *Sigh*... I guess I'll post a support ticket.
VENAM: Support ticket?! What is this? Customer service??
IRVIN: Whenever I have an issue here that is beyond me, I contact Spacea and Tiempa via support ticket at their lodge.
This will get solved by them, I'm sure. As for now, I'll keep the orb in my possession.
It's been a long day. You all should rest now.
VENAM: He seems to care so much about all of this. Hmph.
MELIA: I think it's more that he doesn't like interacting with Spacea and Tiempa.
KANON: Be it as it may, he's right. We should slow down and rest in the meantime.
I'll be off to my room.
VENAM: That's just it then?
MELIA: Yeah. The duo will take care of everything from this point.
VENAM: Huh... Kind of anti-climactic, but it'll do.
I'm looking forward to a good night sleep.
MELIA: You look forward to any kind of sleep.
VENAM: Hey, that isn't a crime, yeah?
MELIA: Guess not!
MELIA: Hey!! I love your new look! You can definitely rock any style you want!
In a way, I'm super jealous.
MELIA: Oh? Keeping the same look? That's cool too!
I've always thought you looked super cool in that outfit anyway.
Sooo...\| How do I look?
MELIA: Aww, thank you, \PN! That's so wonderful of you to say!
I wanted to go with a bit more of a brighter look!
Before I was a bit depressed and all, so I stuck to darker clothing, but...
MELIA: That's what I like to hear! Always gotta keep up with the styles of today!
But technically, wouldn't that make me look outdated? Since, y'know...?
Anyway, I cut my hair too. Before I didn't have much motivation to cut it, but...
MELIA: Welp, at least it's not a bad look. Certainly better than my old one.
My hair was so long before, so I cut it too. I just didn't have the energy to do so before.
But now that I'm feeling a bit more chippy, I guess I can change up the lewk a little bit, ye?
MELIA: Oh... It's not a good look? Hm... But I quite like it...
That's a bit rude to say, \PN... But I guess I did ask for your opinion...
VENAM: Okay... Okay, I think everything's put together.
MELIA: Oooh, I'm curious to see the end result!
VENAM: I'm curious too, and I'm the one being shown off...
MELIA: Whenever you're ready.
VENAM: Okay.
One... two... three... and....
VENAM: ... Well? How do I look?
MELIA: You look amazing, of course! I told you that you had nothing to worry about.
You look more responsible while keeping that rugged look you had before.
VENAM: Hm... Well, I gotta say... I don't hate it.
In fact, it feels a bit nice... Can't say I look "responsible", though.
MELIA: Okay... Now that that's settled, let's head back downstairs.
I'm sure Irvin would like to get to know you guys. Don't worry, he's nice.
MELIA: By the way, if you ever want to change back in your old clothes, they'll always be inside that box!.
I doubt that Irvin will give them away.
I'm tired...
'Lil busy...
Yes
No
Beautiful!
Stylish!
It's alright.
Yikes.
[Map250]
ANATHEA: Welcome to my abode.
VENAM: This is a pretty damn suite abode. Get it? Suite?\| Anyway.
(This place looks completely different. Maybe this isn't the same place from before?)
ANATHEA: Your humor can be quite charming!
???: Mommy? Mommy, are you finally home?
???: Mommy! I knew I heard you!
VENAM: M-Marianette!?
ANATHEA: Maria-nette? Close, but the "nette" part is incorrect.
This is my daughter, Maria.
MARIA: It's nice to meet you!
VENAM: Wha...?\| Maria?
ANATHEA: My pride and joy. My beautiful daughter, Maria.
Please, would you entertain our guests to some of your music?
MARIA: Okay! I got this!
MARIA: Here goes!
ANATHEA: Ah, wonderful! Bravo!
MARIA: Thank you! I've been practicing almost everyday!
VENAM: I love music, Maria. I can sense talent and I've gotta say, you've got it.
ANATHEA: Alrighty, that's enough for today, Maria. It's almost time for tutoring.
MARIA: Got it. I'll be right back.
VENAM: Cute, but tutoring? Isn't she a bit young to be tutored?
ANATHEA: Oh you misunderstand. Maria is the one tutoring. Specifically, her best friend.
VENAM: What??
ANATHEA: It's why Maria is so good with the piano. As mathematics and the piano overlap.
VENAM: (You guys are psychopaths...)
???: Anathea, what is with the racket? Please keep it down.
VENAM: That's...
???: Terribly sorry. I didn't realize we had guests.
ANATHEA: Vitus, this is \PN and Venam. They saved me from feral Pokemon in the woods.
VITUS: Anathea, you know how I feel about you going out in the woods alone.
You know how Pokemon are. They're savage. They're not to be played with.
ANATHEA: I understand... But I promised I'd make these two dessert as thanks.
VITUS: Very well then. I suppose I can allow this-
GARDEVOIR: Why must you insist on accepting trivialities such as this, Vitus.
VITUS: Gardevoir.
GARDEVOIR: Anathea, you must finish your obligations first. Dessert isn't an option right now.
Isn't that right, Vitus?
VITUS: Hmph. Yes, well. If there's work to be done, then it can't be helped.
ANATHEA: ...
VITUS: Speaking of work, I have business in town. Do you need anything?
ANATHEA: Please take Maria to her tutoring session down by Katsu's place. That's all.
VITUS: Maria, we're leaving now. Are you ready?
MARIA: Yes, I'm ready!
GARDEVOIR: I'm sorry, Princess, but your mother cannot tend to you for now.
MARIA: ...Okay. Bye Mommy! Bye Gardevoir!
GARDEVOIR: I will seeing both of you very soon. Goodbye.
ANATHEA: I am sorry \PN, Venam. I don't think I will be able fulfill my promise.
VENAM: Um... Don't worry about it. That was kinda awkward and I wish to go.
ANATHEA: I understand. I bid both of you farewell. Thank you once again.
VENAM: Hey, \PN... Remember, Vitus and Gardevoir came out of those two doors.
I bet everything that they're back through those doors.
We should check the doors. If they're locked, then it's practically confirmed.
VENAM: Yep. Locked. They're back there being cowards.
VENAM: Ugh, dammit! There's gotta be a key for this door somewhere!
VENAM: Maybe we should-
<o=128>???: Where is she? Where is my daughter... </o>
VENAM: Uh... What? Did you say something \PN?
<o=128>???: Beyond these doors... What lies beyond these doors...?</o>
VENAM: Okay, that wasn't you, but I definitely heard something.
<o=128>???: Maria...!</o>
VENAM: Anathea!
<o=128>ANATHEA: Huh...? Wait, what's going on? What's happening? </o>
VENAM: Anathea... I don't mean to drop a bomb on your life...\| (Or lack thereof...)
But you... died. You were hit head on by a Tangrowth's Power Whip.
<o=128>ANATHEA: No... I remember. I remember too well-- I just don't understand why I'm conscious. </o>
<o=128>I'm supposed to be dead. Gone from this world...</o>
<o=128>Please... Do you guys know where Maria is?</o>
VENAM: Unfortunately, Gardevoir has her right now.
<o=128>ANATHEA: Gardevoir... Where is she? </o>
VENAM: Well, my theory was that she's behind those two doors there.
There's a problem though. They're locked and we have no idea how to unlock them.
<o=128>ANATHEA: I was never allowed inside of Vitus' study, but...</o>
<o=128>What is he hiding in there, I wonder?</o>
VENAM: Dunno, but \PN and I are going to find out. Do you know where they key is?
<o=128>ANATHEA: No, but there must be a spare key somewhere..</o>
<o=128>Vit... i.... He wo\ts[1]n't.... \|A. . . . . . </o>
VENAM: She disappeared...
Damn, talk about bad timing. I was hoping she'd give us more info.
But what's even more confusing is why she was able to manifest herself like that.
VENAM: Wait, this is what Irvin was talking about! You know, with the Soul Stone?
It's possible that the Soul Stone was able to grab her soul and allowed her to remain in this world.
In which case... That's cruel, but it can't be helped.
The plan's the same as before. Let's find that key and end this.
Anathea will see the truth.
**Access Denied**
VENAM: ??????????
This is supposed to be a house not fuckin' Fort Knox.
We can't do anything with this door so just forget it.
VENAM: It's a family portrait? Wait, no... Something's wrong with it.
VENAM: What a fucking mad genius, \PN! A key even popped out of this painting!
VENAM: Alright, I'll just take this and test out the doors downstairs.
Anathea is playing a sweet melody on her flute!
ANATHEA: Oh, hello again \PN. Please forgive me for not being able to fulfill my promise to you.
That Gardevoir... Such a horrid Pokemon. She's scary.
And it's because of her that...
No, it doesn't matter. That's done with.
\PN, do you know the melody that Maria played on her piano?
It's the same one I play on my flute. The song is called the\c[6] Relic Song.
This song has been passed down my family for generations.
Perhaps one day I can teach you this melody?
Until then, this is farewell.
MAID: Hm... I thought we got rid of all the annoying children in this mansion?
VENAM: That's clearly not true if you're sitting here like nothing's happening.
MAID: ...
VENAM: Be useful and tell us where the extra key is to the study.
MAID: Let's make a deal. How about we battle? If you win, I'll let you know a little secret.
VENAM: Heh. Just what I like to hear.
Ah... I lost. How disappointing.
VENAM: Cough up the info. Now.
MAID: Sigh... You won the game. So I guess that's quite alright.
In four rooms in this mansion, there are four statues depicting Meloetta.
These statues can be rotated. If all the Meloetta statues are set in a way where they're all facing each other...
A door may open.
VENAM: Uh... Okay then. We'll try it out.
MAID: In four rooms in this mansion, there are four statues depicting Meloetta.
VENAM: Oh damn... These doors flew all the way over here?
That Tangrowth was not playing around with that Power Whip...
VENAM: \PN...! You actually came to help?
VENAM: Th-Thanks...
Anathea... I didn't know her well, but I feel so shitty about this whole thing.
Gardevoir is in this mansion somewhere. We should team up and explore.
This place looks like it's massive. Let's leave no stone unturned!
Locked.
It's probably best not to go back down there...
VENAM: ...? Is \PN not here yet?
VITUS: I haven't seen them, no. Were they supposed to be here?
VENAM: Huh... weird. I told \PN to meet me here, but whatever.
Knowing them they're off doing some side quest or something.
VITUS: You're not making any sense.
VENAM: Anyway, I came up with a plan to disrespect Mr. Blakeory.
The way he walked over us in that office was inexcusable.
VITUS: I'm not about disrespecting anyone.
VENAM: Just hear me out. I got these three rolls of toilet paper, right?
VITUS: ...
VENAM: We're gonna TP his establishment. We're going to let him know that he's shit and we're here to wipe.
VITUS: You have several problems that must be addressed one day.
VENAM: Yeah.
VENAM: What the hell was that??
MAID: Oh, oh, oh... We have guests? During this time? Sorry, but you're not invited.
VENAM: Don't worry. We know. We don't need an invite to crash a party.
You awful children...
VENAM: Next time you stop us like that, I'll drop kick you into the next dimension.
Trust me, we've been there.
MAID: You're both disgusting.
MAID: Please don't run in these halls.
There's a Pokemon in this Pokeball!
Do you want to take it with you?
MAID: We're tending to the garden so that it simulates a perfect outdoor experience.
A well made stuffed Zorua plush.
ANATHEA: That Gardevoir... she's horrid...
MAID: Anathea isn't allowed to leave the building lately.
The Pokemon outside are becoming so much more violent.
A well made stuffed Pangoro plush.
OFFICER: You all saved me from that wretched Pokemon. I'm going to report this to the chief down in Spotlight City.
I won't forget this!
VENAM: We failed to save Maria. But there was nothing that could be done. She was trapped in this indestructible crystal... What could we do?
<o=175>ANATHEA: We'll get another chance. This I believe.</o>
<o=175>I'm horrified by the events here, but we must think of Kugearen.</o>
<o=175>Vitus' follower is on her way to destroy it. She must be stopped.</o>
VENAM: Oh shit.. I totally forgot about that maid... I hope it's not too late!
And Kanon... Kanon was destroyed by Gardevoir. How am I going to explain this to Melia and Irvin.
<o=175>ANATHEA: \PN... It is clear to me that you and Venam are special children. </o>
<o=175>I only ask for one thing. Please... Don't let Maria suffer. Please save her.</o>
<o=175>Help me save my darling daughter, Maria.</o>
<o=175>My consciousness is fleeting, once again. When I will wake again, I cannot say...</o>
<o=175>But I know... I know that we will meet again. Farewell \PN.</o>
VENAM: We got them all set up, but I don't think anything happened.
Let's go check some of the doors in the main room.
Yes
No
[Map251]
"Do your best!"
A well made stuffed Pangoro plush.
A ton of complex books.
OFFICER: Thank you so much for saving me! I'll go and report this to the chief of police down in Spotlight City.
I won't forget this!
VENAM: Well isn't this just great. We totally failed to save Maria.
<o=175>ANATHEA: We shall get another chance.</o>
<o=175>We do not have much time, that Maid is going to destroy the city...</o>
VENAM: Oh... damnit! I totally forgot about her! I hope it's not too late.
Argh... and poor Kanon. How am I going to explain this to Melia?
Let's hurry, we can think about this later!
<o=175>ANATHEA: \PN, it is clear to me that you and Venam are special children. </o>
<o=175>I only ask a single favor from you both. </o>
<o=175>Help me save my darling daughter, Maria.</o>
<o=175>Allow me to accompany you in your journey. I shall help...</o>
<o=175>Oof... I... am losing consciousness once again...</o>
<o=175>Farewell for now, \PN... we shall meet again soon enough. </o>
A well made stuffed Magmortar plush.
Locked.
A well made stuffed Zorua plush.
It's probably best not to go back down there...
There's a stack of notebooks here.
There's a stack of notebooks here, but wait, there's more!
On the bottom of the last notebook it says...
" 3 x __+ __ = __ ".
Go to the which floor?
"Current level : Top Floor."
"Current level : 1."
It's a family portrait. It looks like you can move the pieces in the center!
You hear a clunking noise. It sounded like it came from the study!
It's a PC.... wait, no, this looks like it's waiting for a number input...
OPEN.
You hear the sound of a door unlocking...
ERROR! ERROR!
The input no longer works.
There's a Pokemon in this Pokeball!
Do you want to take it with you?
Top Floor.
None.
Bottom Floor.
Yes
No
[Map252]
"It seems to be an incredibly modern mask. It is unknown when exactly this was crafted."
"A series of fossilized Legendary Pokemon. Specific species unknown."
"Registeel | The Steel Golem."
"Regice | The Ice Golem."
AELITA: Hey \PN! I've been looking for you!
I managed to defeat Crawli and got my first badge!
I never thought I was capable of even earning one badge, but I did it!
Hey \PN, are you proud of me?
AELITA: Aw jeez, thanks! I tried my best.
But just you wait! I'll be up to your level soon.
AELITA: Oh... I thought you would be. I guess it makes sense, though...
One badge doesn't really mean anything, I guess...
Anyway, it's been a while since we battled. Let's see where we are in terms of strength!
Well... that didn't go quite as I had hoped.
AELITA: Welp, I tried! I can't expect to be stronger than you after only one Gym battle!
But don't worry, I'll get stronger for you and everyone else!
Oh! I got so caught up with battling that I forgot to mention that I ran into Val.
She told me everything and asked me to come help you with this Nevermeltice stuff.
This is the Pokemon Regice, right? It's claimed to be the Pokemon that created Nevermeltice.
Hm...
For some reason, this Pokemon seems really familiar to me.
AELITA: Especially this one,\| but I can't really pinpoint why...
I guess it's not important. If it was I would've remembered!
Now to figure out how to melt that pesky Nevermeltice...
???: Hey um, excuse me?
AELITA: Huh? Oh, hello!
???: Sorry for the interruption. My name is Reina, and this is my scout Pokemon Woobat!
WOOBAT: Woobah!
REINA: I heard you guys talking about the golems displayed here.
Are you guys mythology enthusiasts too?
AELITA: Um, not really. We're just researching a way to melt Nevermeltice.
Also my name is Aelita, and this is \PN.
REINA: Hi Aelita and \PN! Also you're worried about Nevermeltice? Easy!
Have you ever heard of the story called "The Princess With The Frozen Heart"?
It's about a Princess named Hera who had her heart frozen by an evil Froslass.
No matter what her people did, they could not thaw out her frozen heart.
Until one day a prince and his Heatran appeared with an item called the Magma Stone.
Using the Magma Stone, the Princess was freed from her icy prison!
So if you want to melt Nevermeltice, all you need is that Magma Stone!
AELITA: But that's just a fairy tale. That's not real life.
REINA: Hey, it's a fairy tale, but the properties of the Magma Stone are real.
It's actually been scientifically proven, too. Being stuck in a museum gives you a lot of time to read.
AELITA: Where would we even find something like that?
REINA: Hey, do you take criticism? If so, you should learn to infer a tad.
Obviously, as the name implies, you'll find it in places with magma.
It's not necessarily native to volcanoes or anything. As long as there's magma...
Anyway, we've chatted enough I think. Now that the town is no longer frozen, I think I'll take my leave.
After all, the search for my brother isn't over yet.
AELITA: Search for your brother?
REINA: Yep, my brother Ren ran away from home and for... personal reasons I'm chasing after him.
AELITA: Did you say "Ren"? Ren's your brother?!
REINA: Huh? Yeah, he is! Do you guys happen to know him?
I-In that case, do you guys know where he is right now?
AELITA: We don't know where Ren is right now, but-
REINA: Damn it... I thought I finally had a lead.
Alright, thanks for the help anyway. I gotta go. See you two later!
AELITA: W-Wait!
AELITA: I tried to tell her about Ren but she doesn't sit still.
That's fine though, we heard what we needed to.
If it's scientifically proven for the Magma Stone to be able to melt Nevermeltice...
Then we have to search for the Magma Stone ourselves!
The only place I know where magma is located is Carotos.
That's a long ways away from here, but it may be our only shot.
Val also told me you have a Yacht, right? Let's take that to Gearen and make our way to Sheridan!
???: We're not suspicious, doubly promise!
The Legendary Pokemon Zekrom. Known to be the Being of Ideals.
The last Zekrom seen by man was used by a certain trainer in Unova many years ago.
"They seem to be carvings of Mega Stones.
Each rock is carefully crafted and has a distinct pattern."
"Reshiram | The Dragon of Truth."
It's an expensive and decorative golden egg. Probably best to leave it here.
DIRECTOR: Hello! I am the Director of the Sapphire Museum!
We have a wide variety of attractions here at the museum, but sadly we're one model short.
If you find someone who can provide a new attraction, please send them here!
DIRECTOR: Wait, you say that you know someone from Goldenleaf Town who could be able to supply this museum?
Please bring them here! I would like to hire them!
DIRECTOR: Yes, I would like you to create a sculpture for our new exhibit!
The question is, what should it be of?
I know you're not really involved in any of this art business, but do you have a suggestion?
DIRECTOR: A statue of Rayquaza, hm? I believe that shall do!
Okay! I'll let my sculptor get started. Let's see how this goes!
DIRECTOR: A statue of Groudon, hm? I believe that shall do!
DIRECTOR: A statue of Kyogre, hm? I believe that shall do!
DIRECTOR: Ah! Glorious! It's a wonderous statue! Thank you very much!
Here is your payment for the wonderous sculpture.
ARTIST: Y-You're giving me 1,000,000$?!
All for one sculpture?!
DIRECTOR: Why of course! This magnificent piece shall be visited by many people once they learn it's here.
Besides, an artist should always be paid for their work. No matter what it is!
ARTIST: Th-Thank you! I won't forget this!
\GDIRECTOR: As for you, I would like you to have this.
\GDIRECTOR: Take that as payment for finding someone who could fill in the last slot.
DIRECTOR: Thank you for your help!
Hey, I haven't seen you here before! That means the town is no longer frozen!
But I've really found myself at home in this museum now. So I think I'll stay.
"Zekrom | The Dragon of Ideals."
It seems like even Legendary Pokemon can succumb to the illness of time and fossilize.
When you think about it that way, it makes it feel like we're all the same.
Losing is part of being a trainer! I just have to try a little bit harder.
Now to figure out how to melt that pesky Never-Melt Ice...
???: What else can I learn about here...? I've already read every book I could possibly read in here...
WOOBAT: Wooba!
???: Yeah, I suppose we should think about leaving now that Angie's gone.
We are happily funded by the Gearen News HQ.
...That is all.
I can make you a sculpture if you want. A painting? That's easy too.
ATTENDANT: Hello and welcome to the Sapphire Museum!
\GAdmittance is a $500 fee. Is that suitable?
\GAh yes, thank you very much! Please enjoy what we have to offer!
ATTENDANT: Sorry, but you don't have enough money.
Come again soon!
ATTENDANT: Hello! Welcome to the Sapphire Museum!
\GAdmittance is a $1,500 fee. Is that suitable?
\GYes, it is more expensive this time, but that's because some crook stole a very important fossil.
\GSo we're going to have to raise the price.
\GIt's a real shame.
\GAnyways, is it suitable or not?
\GATTENDANT: Thank you so much! Enjoy the museum!
ANA: This thing is a Pokemon?! I didn't think they could get so big...
Maggy, have you ever seen a Pokemon this large before?
MAGGY: Mag!
ANA: Hm... You don't say?
What about you, \PN? Have you ever seen a Pokemon this large before?
ANA: Wow, that's amazing! Please do give me details about that later!
ANA: Huh...? So they must be really rare or something. That's interesting.
It says the Pokemon depicted here is the Being of Truth, Reshiram.
Long ago, two brothers were in conflict with each other.
Both had different ideas on how the world should be.
As a result, Reshiram presented itself to the brother who followed truth.
And Zekrom, the statue over there, presented to the brother who followed ideals.
They fought, but they were evenly matched.
As a result, the brothers decided that neither side was right, and made peace.
I'm glad something so violent ended up in such a peaceful resolution.
I guess in a way, that's why battling exists today?
You can understand someone when in the heat of battle.
When we fought on Route 9, I could tell that the way you treated Pokemon was something special.
I hope, one day... I can be a trainer just like you, \PN.
ANA: You really think I can? I guess I could if I really put my mind to it.
With Maggy, I'm sure anything is possible. Isn't that right, Maggy?
ANA: Yeah, I know... And maybe I don't have what it takes, but...
I'll never know until I try, right? There's nothing wrong with trying!
With Maggy by my side, I can do anything! I think.
ANA: Alright, I learned a lot here today, but I think it's time to head back.
But before I do, I wanna buy Dylan a present. Just as thanks, you know?
I heard there's a place in town that sells "Lava Cookies"?
I don't know what those are, but the people seem to love it. Maybe Dylan will too!
"Regirock | The Rock Golem."
MAGGY: Magy!
"Artifacts of an ancient Pokeball used in the Aevium Region."
???: We're not suspicious, promise!
Learning about the past is crucial if we don't want to make the same mistakes.
Yes.
Uh...
Rayquaza
Groudon
Kyogre
Yes
No
Once or twice
Not ever. Not once.
You can do it!
It'll take a lot of work...
[Map253]
???: Jeff, wait!
HENRIETTA: Jeff you can't just leave. You gotta fight back for your position!
JEFF: Why should I? They just fired me for no reason at all...
After all the time I put into this company? I don't even get paid for the last job I did!
I'm sorry Henrietta, but it's a lost cause. I'm no longer a cameraman.
JEFF: I can't stay here and I can't go back to Goldenleaf Town...
So I'm going to find work somewhere else!
HENRIETTA: There's no one else I want for my cameraman but Jeff...
Sorry, but only authorized personnel may enter this chamber.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
We'll make our importance more well known and appreciated!
I'm going to spread awareness about Pokemon Caretakers around the world!
We're here for the trainers! We want you all to succeed!
This elevator takes you to Volta's studio! You may only enter with permission.
REPORTER: And welcome to to the daily weather report!
Um, could you go away? I'm trying to do my weather report...
My Garbodor is going to be a star! Just you wait!
Welcome to Gearen News HQ. Please enjoy your time here!
GARBODOR: Garbogoa!
REPORTER: Today we're talking about the importance of Pokemon Caretakers!
We have a veteran Caretaker here to talk to about their duties!
Volta does her broadcasts upstairs, but the public aren't allowed up there.
HENRIETTA: What am I supposed to do now that I don't have Jeff?
He was the best partner a reporter like myself could ask for.
I suppose I'll just think about getting an office job or something...
BREEDER: Through thick and thin, I'll fulfill my duty to make every trainer as strong as they can be!
A Pokemon Breeder's job is never done!
BREEDER: Heh. Hope that was enough.
We work hard to deliver accurate news to our audience in the best way possible.
It takes a lot of work and determination, but we succeed in the end always!
Yes
No
[Map254]
We're very sorry, but the Scholar District is closed until further notice.
Please come back at another time.
OFFICER: Grand Dream City is under lockdown until further notice!
This station is unavailable...
Did you know that this place has a close friendship with Sheridan?
Apparently he's friends with someone called The Eldest?
I want to visit Sheridan Village sometime.
The landscape of Route 9 is absolutely impeccable!
This place is very popular with older people and artists.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
"Route 9 - Where Veterans Retire."
HUEY: Let Reina go this instant!
GRUNT: Reina? This is \PN.
REINA: I dunno how else to explain to you that you're not very smart.
GRUNT2: Quiet, you! I don't wanna hear you speak anymore!
REINA: Your voice sounds sooo shaky. You're not actually crying, are you?
GRUNT2: I'm an emotional man, okay? I'm sensitive and require love and affection.
REINA: Pfft, sure, whatever man.
GRUNT1: I've had enough of you all! It's time to let go!
C'mon! Don't make me cry...
How am I piloting again? I don't know how to fly this thing.
HUEY: You guys are finished! Now let Reina go!
GRUNT1: We were gonna just isolate ourselves and warp safely away, but it looks like you two had to be utter TWERPS and follow us.
Don't be mad if you end up in a bad spot!
Hit the teleportation button, Grunt #2!
GRUNT2: I have a name, you know?
GRUNT1: Yup, and it's Grunt #2! Now hit it!
GRUNT2: Ugh... Commencing teleportation device now!
HUEY: W-Wait, don't do anything stupid-
GRUNT2:\ts[1] Hruuaghhhh!!
ANA: Well here we are again... On Route 9. By the... water, was it?
I wonder what sort of "idea" Dylan had? Wonder if he's up to no good again...
DYLAN: Up to no good? That's not very nice.
ANA: D-Dylan!
DYLAN: Not very nice at all, Ana. Especially since I went out of my way to get you this.
Alright, come out you rascal. Ana is right here.
MAGNEMITE: Magy?
ANA: Wh-What is this? Another Pokemon?
DYLAN: Yeah, it's a Magnemite.
It used to belong to someone... I once knew, but they're not around anymore, so.
This little guy's been rotting away in my PC for a long time.
I think it'll be better off with you. It's weak, but it's up to you to make it stronger.
Besides, it knows Thunder-Wave. I think that's all you really need to do if someone tries anything weird.
ANA: Magnemite... You're my first Pokemon!
MAGNEMITE: Magna!
ANA: I think I'll call you...\| Maggy!
MAGGY: Maggi!
ANA: Hehehehe-
"GRANDMA: Ana, if by chance, you became a trainer, what kind would you be?
ANA: There are different types of trainers?
GRANDMA: Ah, but of course, my child! A plethora of options to choose from, sure.
You could be a trainer that manages only their favorites, or maybe a specific type?
Perhaps only cute ones? Cooler looking ones? Maybe even weaker ones?
ANA: ...I don't think I really have a preference. I just want something that loves me.
GRANDMA: Love you?
ANA: Yes...! A partner by my side that makes me happy.
We could laugh together... Play together... Even eat together, if... they do eat at all?
Just someone to keep me company.
GRANDMA: Ahahahah....
ANA: What's so funny?
GRANDMA: It's just... you reminded me of a time long ago.
Where such relationships were possible...\| I do miss those days.
And I miss her, most of all.
ANA: "Her"?
GRANDMA: Ah, but that's nothing to concern yourself with, Ana.
Just an old lady remembering her days of old.
Recovered lost data: 55%.
DYLAN: Ana? You doing okay? You blanked out on us again.
Or perhaps, did you remember something?
ANA: 55% Of my lost data has now been recovered.
I'm over halfway complete again...
DYLAN: Oh...
ANA: But... Thank you for giving me Maggy, Dylan. I appreciate it a lot.
DYLAN: Glad I could help out. Just wanted to calm your nerves over this whole thing.
ANA: Hey... Now that I own a Pokemon, that means I'm a Pokemon trainer now, right?
DYLAN: Yeah, that's right.
ANA: Then Dylan, I challenge you to a fight to the death!
DYLAN: Wh-\| A What now?!
That's what two trainers do when their eyes lock on to each other, right?
DYLAN: Wh-What? NO.
ANA: But that's what I overheard two people saying the other day...
DYLAN: The term you're looking for is "Battle" and there's no way I'd battle you.
It wouldn't be fair. I'm experienced.
\PN is experienced too, but maybe they might be a better sparring partner.
ANA: Okay! Then I want to battle you \PN!
I wanna see what little Maggy here can do!
ANA: I'm ready!\| This is how you start it right?
DYLAN: Yeah, now all \PN needs to do is stand opposite of you.
But before that, could I talk to you for a sec \PN?
Listen... I'm not saying you have to, but you should let Ana win.
I've seen you battle those Bladestar Grunts in the Underground and I know you're not some rookie wannabe trainer.
You know what you're doing, and I respect that, but...
It's not like I gave Ana a Pseudo that's capable of 1v6ing an entire team.
I gave her a Magnemite. So...
Yeah, if you need to "prepare", do so now.
Or you could just trash her. Could be a lesson of harsh reality. I won't fault you either way.
ANA: Is everything okay?
DYLAN: Yeah, we're just about done talking. You better be ready, Ana.
DYLAN: It's your choice. Let her win or learn that harsh reality.
I'm fine with either, so I don't really care what you do.
Oh? Did you come to grace us with your youth?
Your youth doesn't impress me. Everyone's young sometime.
Your battle skills on the other hand are quite superb.
REINA: Hey, again, this is only a suggestion, but can you please let me go?
Taking criticism can be good for you, you know?
GRUNT: Like I said, I only take criticism while crying!
REINA: You guys are idiots anyway. You totally stole the wrong person. IDIOT.
GRUNT: Dude... That's not cool. I'm going to cry now.
REINA: Just in time! Now you'll actually hear what I have to say!
GIRL: Did you hear about what happened to that guy who lived in Neverwinter?
BOY: Huh? What happened to him?
GIRL: Turns out he was trapped in some church in Kristiline Town.
I heard the International Police are trying to hide the whole event, but obviously they aren't trying hard enough.
BOY: That's insane, though... Who would do such a thing?
GIRL: I dunno, but things are getting more weird, don't you think?
Everyone's been on edge these past couple of months.
With Team Xen and Bladestar running around, it's just hard to feel safe...
ANA: Are you ready for a battle?
ANA: Yay! Let's see what Maggy can do!
ANA: Okay! This is my first battle! I hope I do well at least...
DYLAN: Good luck you two, and remember to have fun. That's most important.
ANA: Yeah! Here I come, \PN!
Aww... I tried my best though!
ANA: Ah... I see. I didn't expect to win, but Maggy did a lot of work!
I'm so proud of you, Maggy!
MAGGY: Magy!
???: Aw this sucks... I couldn't beat them. Guess I won't be a good trainer after all.
Dylan, what did I do wrong?
DYLAN: You just got unlucky. Don't give up, Natalia.
NATALIA: You're right, I'll do better next time!
ANA: Yeah, we did it! Maggy, we won our first Pokemon battle!
DYLAN: ...
???: Wow! I did it! Dylan, did you see? I beat my first trainer!
It's all thanks to the Magnemite you got me!
At this rate, I'll be a great trainer just like you!
DYLAN: You're doing great Natalia! What a natural!
DYLAN: Alright, that's enough for today. You both did well.
I'm tired and I want to go home.
ANA: I had a great time today. Thanks Dylan, \PN.
DYLAN: Don't mention it. Just look out for yourself, got it?
ANA: Got it. I'll be okay now that I have Maggy by my side.
Go back to Dylan's apartment?
ANA: Okay! I'll be waiting here.
A place where it's constantly cool? Sign me up!
Man, your battling skills are cool too!
Maybe I should consider moving here when I'm older.
ERIN: Yep, it looks like things are all up and running.
That means that the Scholar District is open to the public again.
It's been a while since I've been here, so I hope things are still the same.
Anyway, what's taking Melia so long?
ERIN: Really, what could have been so important?
MELIA: Sorry, sorry! I'm here now!
ERIN: Probably.
There's not really an excuse for getting lost around here, but I wouldn't doubt it.
MELIA: Sorry for the wait, but I'm here now!
MELIA: It took a while, but I'm ready and officially reporting for duty!
ERIN: Reporting for duty?
MELIA: Oh, don't mind me. I just wanted to say that.
Okay, so we're heading to the Blakeory Atheneum, right?
ERIN: You're awfully cheery today. It's kind of disgusting.
But yeah, that's right. It's not a hard place to find once we're inside the district.
MELIA: A-Awesome! Well, let's get a move on!
ERIN: Uh huh...
ABSOL: Sool!
DAMIEN: There, now you're all back home. Great.
If, for some weird reason, you want to return, visit the National Park.
There's a Claydol there that will *attempt* to teleport you back to the Badlands.
HUEY: Oh yeah! Kanon told us all about that Claydol!
DAMIEN: Good! Then you know all you need to.
It's an old fellow though, So who knows where you might end up.
Alongside that, please take this and never speak to me again.
HUEY: Oooh, I like gifts!
REINA: Ohh me too! I want three of them!
DAMIEN: Got it? Good. Now bye.
HUEY: Bye Damien! Have a nice day!
HUEY: Was that the best hang out session, or what?
REINA: One of the best days ever for sure! You know, besides almost dying.
But you guys gotta get back to your friends at the library, right?
HUEY: Hm... Probably, but that tournament is literally about to start and we gotta get there before we're arrested.
REINA: Oh, well I got nothin' to do, so you mind if I come with?
HUEY: Yeah, sure! We can take the train here. It's routed to Grand Dream Stadium!
REINA: Lead the way!
AELITA: We're not too far now. All we have to do is walk north.
When you get far enough, you'll find a crossroad. Take the left path.
Then keep walking and you'll find the place. It's on a cliff, so it's really hard to miss.
DYLAN: Well? Is nature to your liking?
I wouldn't recommend using this small shore for a nice day at the beach.
There are Sandygast flowing through the sand!
They're sure to take your soul away!
ANA: This is nature isn't it? This blob of reflections.
DYLAN: Uh, I guess? Nature is kind of surrounding us.
And that "blob of reflections" is called water.
ANA: This is called water? Hehe...
It's very pretty and it's very nice to look at.
I must say, being outside-outside is much better than being outside.
The breeze is so much better and the aroma is less... stinky.
DYLAN: Heh, yeah, I guess that's about right.
ANA: I want to thank you for bringing me here Dylan, \PN.
I don't know a lot about this world, and it's a little scary.
But you guys are making it easier for me to blend in.
DYLAN: That's fine, as long as you feel safer.
ANA: Dylan, why are you so concerned with my safety?
It's a subject you seem to bring up a lot. Just curious is all.
DYLAN: I like the feeling of keeping people safe, I guess. I never had that luxury when I was younger.
I was kind of a rebel. I got into a lot of trouble. Joined gangs, stole from people...
Things I'm not exactly proud of... But what I've always been proud of is my battling skills.
I've been able to climb the ranks because of it and I got to a position not many people can reach.
I got richer and richer-- My life was going in the right direction, until I just couldn't take it anymore.
Donated all of my money to charity and found myself a home in The Underground.
ANA: I see... battling includes Pokemon, correct?
DYLAN: That's right... But I'm seriously starting to get weirded out by you not knowing any of this.
You don't know what nature is, you don't know anything normal people would know.
What's your story, Ana? Just who are you?
ANA: My name is Ana. Autonomous Nanotech Amplifier.
DYLAN: ...Huh?
ANA: I'm not human like you and \PN. I'm an android.
DYLAN: I tell you my story and you mock me by telling me you're an android?
ANA: I'm not lying to you! I really am an android. That much I know for a fact.
But that's all I can tell you... I don't know anything else about myself.
All I remember is running away from this woman... because she wanted something from me.
DYLAN: Who? What did she want?
ANA: I don't know her personally, but I believe her name is... V.
DYLAN: V...
ANA: And as for what she wanted... She wanted my Nano Drive.
DYLAN: N-Nano Drive?
ANA: My Nano Drive. She wanted this.
DYLAN: What the hell?!
ANA: This is my Nano Drive. This is what I was given when I was born- When I was created.
I don't know who created me. I don't know why I was created, and I don't want to...
I don't know my true purpose, but I am fearful of it regardless.
DYLAN: You don't have to have a true purpose if you don't want to.
Your life is your own and you're allowed to do whatever you want with it, got it?
ANA: Dylan...
DYLAN: And I don't want to hear anything more about it, and that's it.
ANA: Thank you... You two make me feel much better.
But surely, this isn't the end of this chase. They will be after me soon.
DYLAN: \PN and I will protect you. We'll do it because you're our friend.
And we'll help you discover who you are, and why you were created.
And once we do, it'll be up to you to decide what you want.
Human or not, those are the laws of these lands.
ANA: I've never met such kind people before... You guys are the best, you know?
As for my true purpose...
I've already recovered 15% of my data- In a way, I guess you could say those are my memories.
I believe... once I recover all of my lost data, things will become much clearer.
Well, anyway, I think it's time we head back.
I've enjoyed my time out here with nature, and I don't want to overstay my welcome.
...That and using my Nano Drive burned off my sunglasses... Sorry, Dylan.
DYLAN: Er, don't worry about it. They were pretty cheap anyways.
You heard the lady! Pack your bags cuz we're headed home.
RUKA: Ah... I love the feeling of Autumn. Such a nice and pleasant breeze...
It reminds me of the times I used to live in Ecruteak City with my mother.
Oh? Have you been standing there all this time?
That's slightly creepy, but I suppose you were just gazing at nature's beauty too, no?
That's good. Nature should be admired by both people and Pokemon.
After all, that's this planet's gift to us beings who reside on it.
We shouldn't tarnish a gift that has been passed down to us.
RUKA: What's that? Ayuna wants me to return so that we can perform once again?
Ah, I see...
I suppose that's something I can do.
RUKA: Thank you for passing on that message to me... What was your name?
Ah, \PN, is it?
I greatly appreciate it, \PN.
When I was younger I used to be a top notch trainer.
Unfortunately, time creeped up on me and my days of a trainer have ended.
What I would do to relive those times...
BREEDER: Route 9 is a nice place for battling. Don't you agree?
Also a good place for losing...
BREEDER: You've ruined my day.
What? What do you want? I don't look suspicious, really!
W-What?! You're looking for someone who stole some Kimono Girl's Pokemon?!
I don't know what you're talking about, weirdo!
Get away from me!
Yeah, that's right! Run away!
Fine, if that's how you want it to go! Put em up!
Aw man... All I wanted was a super cool Pokemon!
SIMON: Man... All right, I'll go back and give that Pokemon back to the Kimono Girl...
Where is she right now?
SIMON: She's at the Police Station in the Judicial District?
I'll make my way there then.
NARCY: Finally... It took some time but this is the place, yes?
Forlorned Cavern... I hope this is it.
NARCY: Wait, that thing looks like...!
ROTOM: Rooa?
NARCY: Stop! I won't let you escape this time!
My grandma is always trying to get me to go into the city to run errands.
What she doesn't realize is that it's very expensive to travel in and out of GDC.
It's actually more expensive than the trains that take you around the city because it's handled by a different company.
Would it kill them to lower the price for people who live on the outskirts?
This station is unavailable.
Grand Dream Station
Tournament Stadium
None
I'm ready!
Uh, not yet.
Yes
No
No idea.
Maybe she got lost?
Fine...
Uh, no.
[Map255]
MELIA: ... Let's try this again.
MELIA: ... So, it's really you huh?
Garbodor, my Garbodor.
GARBODOR: Garub...
MELIA: You know, I never got the chance to really thank you back at Goldenwood Forest.
If it weren't for you, \PN and I...
I'm not sure what would've happened to us.
You're our hero you know?
GARBODOR: Garub...!
VENAM: Don't worry, Garbodor. We'll find some way to get you out of this... form.
MELIA: That's right! I... I just wish I knew how.
Show Melia the weird diary?
MELIA: Huh? What's wrong?
What's this? You want me to read this?
Well... all right then. I guess I'll give it a quick look.
MELIA: ...!
This book...
\PN, where did you find this book?!
VENAM: Is there something wrong?
MELIA: No, you don't understand! Everything is perfect!
Somehow this book knows what Dimensional Rift Pokemon are, and how we can save them!
VENAM: Wait, so you mean...
MELIA: We can save Garbodor!
VENAM: That's great! How do we do that?
MELIA: That's the tricky part. There are a ton of instructions here I don't really understand.
... This is a long shot, but you wouldn't happen to know any of the things mentioned in here, right?
VENAM: Give it here, and what do you mean "long shot"? I'm smart when I choose to be!
MELIA: You know I didn't mean it that way, but here.
VENAM: Yep, I'm smart when I choose to be, and I choose not to be at this moment.
Although, I do remember seeing similar concepts before when Saki was with me in Teila Resort.
Her journal was filled with similar designs and stuff.
I wish Saki was here... She would've known what to do with this.
MELIA: ... Well, we're going to have to get the next best thing. If there is such a thing.
VENAM: It's possible that Erick is also an engineer. Saki tends to flock to those guys.
MELIA: That's a good suggestion... Should we ask Erick then?
VENAM: You stay here, I'll go get him.
VENAM: ... Well?
ERICK: This is very, very, very complicated stuff.
MELIA: But can you pull it off?
ERICK: ... I can definitely pull it off, but I'll need help of course.
We can go over those details later, but we're going to have to find a way to subdue Garbodor and this green fog first.
VENAM: What if we caught it?
MELIA: Can Rift Pokemon even be caught?
I don't think Pokeballs can successfully capture things that aren't... exactly Pokemon.
ERICK: If we reduce it to its smallest possible form, we have a chance.
When Garbodor is defeated, it reverts into an object.
I think the only way Garbodor can regenerate is if it's "holding" on to something.
MELIA: What do you mean?
ERICK: I'm suggesting that Garbodor actually uses different objects to drain their power and convert it into HP.
When I first defeated it, it was carrying a barrel of oil.
Then when the can was empty, it became desperate and snatched this orb from Kanon.
If that's the case, it must've known what it was doing to Kanon and used that orb as a substitute.
So currently, the orb is Garbodor, and Garbodor is the orb.
Long story short, Garbodor is a parasite.
MELIA: So you're saying if we reduce Garbodor down to that orb, we could contain it?
ERICK: Figuratively speaking, but there's a possibility.
MELIA: Then we have no other choice.
VENAM: Then I guess we gotta...
MELIA: Garbodor, I'm sorry for this, but it's for your own good.
\PN, would you please?
VENAM: ...
MELIA: It's not coming to me... I tried to think of something I could do to save Garbodor...
But I just can't think of anything at the moment.
VENAM: I guess there's nothing we can do.
Garbodor can't stay like this forever.
MELIA: It's a threat to the city, and a threat to itself.
VENAM: We may have to-
MELIA: Destroy it.
VENAM: Melia!
MELIA: Don't yell at me! It's not like I want to destroy it, but what other choice do we have?!
And it's for Garbodor's well being.
VENAM: I... I don't know, but even if we wanted to destroy it, how would we?
Once we defeat it, it's going to regenerate itself right away.
MELIA: Two birds with one stone.
VENAM: What?
MELIA: That's what Spacea said back then. Two birds with one stone.
What if she brought Kanon here for this very purpose? To "dispose" of the orb.
Two birds with one stone. Literally.
Destroy this so called monstrosity, and save a city in peril. All with the power of one stone.
VENAM: Is that really the answer to all this?
MELIA: It has to be... I don't know what else she meant by this.
VENAM: Damnit, this sucks.
MELIA: I... I can't do this. \PN, would you please...
GARBODOR: Garb!!!
GARBODOR: Garb...
GARBODOR: ... Garb...
VENAM: Whoa, look at the orb. It's a different color!
ERICK: Seems pretty drained.
MELIA: Two birds with one stone...
VENAM: Huh?
MELIA: That's what Spacea said.
By two birds one stone, did she mean it literally?
VENAM: I'm not sure I'm following.
MELIA: Uh, don't worry about it... Erick would you please?
ERICK: Right!
ERICK: All it needs is a little paralysis and...
\ts[2]ZAPPPUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!
Erick received the Petrified Orb!
And let's put it in a very fashionable case for now...
And done!
ERICK: The fog is gone!
MELIA: We did it...!
VENAM: We did do it, huh?
We got Kanon back, got rid of the fog, saved Garbodor, and took care of that orb situation.
For once, things actually went our way...?
MELIA: Hell yeah it did!
ERICK: Heh, well, you guys probably couldn't have done it without my help!
MELIA: Of course... Thank you so much, Erick.
ERICK: Aw... it was nothin' really!
Anyway, I'm so glad I can get rid of this stupid mask!
Well, now that that's all done. I think I'll head back to the Power Plant now.
I'll keep Garbodor locked up safe until we can fully figure out how this purification thing is going to work.
In the meantime, if any of you are interested in having a Gym battle, I'm also available for that.
MELIA: Thanks Erick, we really appreciate it.
ERICK: That being said, I'll be on my way now.
Though, I'm slightly afraid Garbodor will be powerful enough to break through its confinement.
MELIA: I don't think it'll do that once it knows we're trying to revert it.
ERICK: Hey, I guess you're right.
VENAM: So what now?
MELIA: I dunno, but I feel pretty good!
VENAM: I guess we should go check on Kanon.
MELIA: Sounds like a good idea. Let's head there now.
VENAM: Wait for it...
GARBODOR: Garuub...!
VENAM: Do it now, Melia!
MELIA: Garbodor... forgive me.
Melia took the orb and crushed it!
VENAM: Huh... it turned back into its Rift form at the last second...
MELIA: To shield us from the explosion.
VENAM: ... Oh.
MELIA: I'm going to go check on Kanon.
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Corroso.
More info on Code: Corroso is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
KANON: ...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
KANON: ... Where am I?
MELIA: Kanon! How are you feeling?
KANON: Melia, \PN, Venam...? Where am I?
VENAM: You're in the future, kiddo. You took quite a leap through time, you know!
KANON: I'm in the future?!
MELIA: That's right. Do you remember anything?
KANON: I remember there being fog, and then all of sudden here I am.
MELIA: Spacea put you here for a very important reason. A reason I'll explain to you later.
KANON: I see...
VENAM: But for now you're coming with us.
KANON: Wait, you mean you guys aren't taking me back to the past?
MELIA: We would, but I don't think that's what Spacea would want us to do.
KANON: Huh? Why do you say that?
If she just wanted the orb to be here, she'd just take the orb.
But she brought you here with the orb as well. That must mean you're meant to be here.
KANON: I see. I think I understand.
But where do we go from here?
MELIA: I'm not sure, but let's think about that later.
For now, let's get out of here.
VENAM: Rise and shine, sleeping beauty.
KANON: ... What are you guys doing here? Where am I?
VENAM: You're in the future, kid. Surprise.
KANON: I'm where?!
MELIA: Spacea brought you here, don't you remember?
KANON: I remember the air getting foggy, and now I'M the one who's foggy.
MELIA: Yeah, well, you were warped here with that orb for a reason, but...
VENAM: I'll explain that reason to you later, okay?
KANON: I suppose...
Are you guys going to take me back to Amberette Town?
MELIA: I think you should stay. For now at least.
Spacea brought you and the orb here together. The orb's purpose is filled, but not yours.
You must be important for something in this time.
VENAM: Too long, didn't read- you're staying with us, kid.
MELIA: That being said. I'd like to get out of here. I don't feel comfortable here anymore.
KANON: Y-Yeah...
VENAM: Melia, look over there!
MELIA: Oh my god... Kanon!
VENAM: Is that little brat all right?
MELIA: Yeah, he's breathing, but barely.
We're going to have to get rid of this fog as soon as we can.
VENAM: Yeah, it looks like this is just a linear path.
If we keep going down this path we'll eventually run into Garbodor.
Yes
No
[Map256]
Erick isn't using his gym at the moment. So I've been ordered to block off this entrance by a higher power.
What that higher power is? I dunno. I just had the urge to stand here and block your path is all.
It looks like Rotom can interact with this fan.
Let Rotom into the fan?
Rotom went into the fan!
It's a fan!
VENAM: This sucks... But we may have to take the L on this one too.
Damnit!
ERICK: Another frick, hell or damnit, and I'm gonna have to ask you to step outside.
VENAM: Oh, sorry.
It looks like Rotom can interact with this lawn mower.
Let Rotom into the lawn mower?
Rotom went into the lawn mower!
It's a lawn mower.
ROTOM: Raoooo!
SCIENTIST: We're gathering Electric-Type Pokemon so that they can evolve in the facility.
Upon evolution, the energy that's emitted can be compacted into components called Electirizers.
Our intern, Erick, usually caught Electric Types for us, but ever since he's been put on Leader duty...
Yeah, he hasn't had much time for this job.
If you'd like to donate some Electric-Type Pokemon, we'd appreciate it!
Are you here to donate some Electric Pokemon?
SCIENTIST: Sorry, but that's your only Pokemon! I can't take that away!
Alright, let's take a look then.
I see... If you have any more Electric-Types, please bring them
Thank you for your contribution!
We currently have \v[600] Electric-Types in our disposal.
Amazing, we have 5 Electric-Types! This should only take a few moments.
The production was a success! We were able to make a few, so you can have some of the surplus!
If you want another one, you'll have to donate more.
We need 5 to produce an Electirizer.
Please consider donating more in the future.
SCIENTIST: Erick has put us in control. We won't let him down.
Sorry, but there's nothing back here but storage.
It looks like Rotom can interact with this fridge.
Let Rotom into the fridge?
Rotom went into the fridge!
It's a fridge.
No time for idle chit-chat, I'm busy!
CLERK: Welcome to the West Gearen Power Plant.
The elevator to the east will take you to Erick's battlefield.
Take a left to explore the rest of the Power Plant.
CLERK: They don't pay me enough to do this job...
I heard Grand Dream City's been experiencing some power issues.
If they weren't so greedy, they'd get the power generated here too.
Oh well, they deserve everything they get.
ELECTRODE: Eeelectroode!
What's a kid like you doing here? Surely you don't work here?
CLERK: Kyaahhh!!
Get these things off of me!
GABRIEL: Oh dear...
ROTOM: Raoorooooroor!!
Rahhahooaoroo-
ooo...?
GABRIEL: Looks like t-they want to cause more trouble, but I won't let them!
GABRIEL: Why are they surrounding me?
GABRIEL: Those nasty pranksters! If they catch us they'll send us back out the Power Plant.
If we travel together, it will give them an easier time to catch us.
You go on ahead and I'll wait outside until things clear up.
MELIA: Nothing to do but sit and wait for results.
If it turns out that Garbodor must be destroyed...
Then that's just how things have to be...
Erick's way too strong for me! I can't get his Badge!
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
GABRIEL: Rotom can turn into different forms depending on the electrical appliance it's inside of.
In here we have a wide arrange of appliances you may use.
Feel free to come and go, as you choose.
Oh, and I found this earlier, but I have no use for it. You can have it.
\PN got one stamp!
If you ever visit Grand Dream City, you can use this at the Department Store!
See you again, and thank you!
Oh? Are you here to fix the generator?
You can't be serious?
Well that was surprising. I didn't expect a kid like you to be so competent.
SCIENTIST: We're gathering Fire-Type Pokemon so that they can evolve within our facility.
The amount of energy that's emitted during evolution is staggering!
The heat produced from Fire Type Pokemon during evolution is enough to produce items called Magmarizers.
Say, if you bring in 5 Fire-Types to donate, we'll give you a Magmarizer for your trouble!
Please consider this offer!
SCIENTIST: Are you here to donate some Fire Pokemon?
SCIENTIST: If you have any more Fire-Types, please donate them.
SCIENTIST: Thank you for your contribution!
We currently have \v[599] Fire-Types in our disposal.
SCIENTIST: Amazing, we have 5 Fire-Types! This should only take a few moments.
SCIENTIST: We need 5 to produce a Magmarizer.
Locked.
I'm here to make a deal with the owner of this Power Plant.
I'm about to make so much money!
GABRIEL: \PN! Narcissa stopped by me a while ago and told me everything that's happened.
It's a shame that Dufaux turned out to be their twin sister, but it seems like they got everything sorted.
By the way, that Pokemon Dufaux was... I believe it was like a Rotom and a Froslass combined.
Do you happen to know of the Pokemon Rotom? If so, please follow me to my office!
Did you know that most of the power in this region is generated right here?
It looks like Rotom can interact with this washing machine.
Let Rotom into the washing machine?
Rotom went into the washing machine!
It's a washing machine.
*Garbodor restoration: 5%*
*Garbodor restoration: 50%*
*Garbodor restoration: 70%*
Saki's father gave her this establishment because he thought it'd make her more responsible.
Saki's great at what she does, but leave this job to the professionals!
Between you and me, I'm happy she's missing.
It looks like Rotom can interact with this oven.
Let Rotom into the oven?
Rotom went into the oven!
It's an oven.
SCIENTIST: We're having trouble with the generator, unfortunately.
If you're interested in evolving some of your Pokemon, you'll have to come later.
ERICK: So... We're focusing on the sample Melia got from that Garbodor.
Currently Garbodor's body is filled with to the brim with a substance called "Rift Matter".
I assume this is what causes Pokemon, or perhaps even people, to mutate into what we know as Rift Beings.
Separating the Rift Matter from the host seems to be too dangerous to do.
We're trying our best, but with the knowledge of what we have now... I dunno.
VENAM: What are our options then?
Surely we can't just leave that thing down there. It's causing too many problems.
MELIA: Can we capture it somehow? Maybe in a Pokeball or something?
ERICK: I doubt any Pokeball would work as it would have trouble registering Garbodor's Pokemon signature.
It's like if you were to throw a Pokeball at a human, it'd just hurt and give you seasonal depression.
MELIA: ...
ERICK: I'll let my partners do all they can, but if we can't figure it out by tomorrow...
MELIA: The only option would be to destroy it.\| I understand...
VENAM: Melia...
MELIA: First and foremost, the people of West Gearen are the priority.
That includes the people Garbodor is keeping hostage down in the sewers.
Not to mention that orb Garbodor is holding can explode any time... It's too dangerous to keep this going.
VENAM: There's still hope, though! We have until the morning.
MELIA: I... Don't wanna get my hopes up. I'll be waiting in the lobby.
ERICK: We're... We're doing the best we can.
VENAM: Yeah, and we appreciate it. If the worst case scenario comes through, we'll deal with it somehow.
(The diary found in that house in Kugearen may prove to be useful here...)
\ts[1]???: The answer you seek may lie somewhere within the past... Search for it, if you wish.
VENAM: You doing okay \PN? I know this situation is shitty...
Maybe you should sit down out in the lobby. That might make you feel better.
ERICK: If only we had more info on Rift Beings... Maybe it would be possible...
Show Erick the Weird Diary?
ERICK: Huh? What's up \PN? You want me to read this?
Dunno... it looks pretty lengthy, but I'm sure it's important.
\ts[1]*Erick began skimming through the book and turned each page with more and more glee.*
ERICK: Th-This is incredible! Oh my goodness! Eureka!
VENAM: What? What is it? C'mon, tell us!
ERICK: \PN, I don't know where you got this book, but it has so much information on Rift Pokemon!
With this info, I think it may be possible to save Garbodor!
VENAM: What?! Really?
ERICK: Please go get Melia!
MELIA: WHAT?!
ERICK: Y-Yeah, it seems a lot more simple than I thought too.
You see, while Rift Matter IS in fact fused with the DNA of Pokemon...
It's distinguishable enough where there is a safe, but long and arduous process of separating them.
With this method we would have to go through each strand one by one and-
VENAM: Yeah, yeah, we get it! We can save Garbodor!
That's fuc-\|
ERICK: ...
VENAM: ..Friggin' awesome and all, but how do we get it to the point where we can separate the Rift Matter from its body?
Something tells me that going down to Garbodor and trying to explain that we can save it will go well.
ERICK: Oh yeah... So you know how Kanon said that Garbodor dissipates when defeated, but then slowly regens?
Someone would have to defeat Garbodor in battle and bring back whatever's left of it in its broken down form.
Preferably two of you. The Rift Matter has greatly widened its battle capabilities, of course.
MELIA: \PN! Garbodor saved us back in Goldenwood Forest.
I think it would be wonderful and appropriate if you and I focused on this task together.
What do you think?
MELIA: Yes! I knew you would be on board.
This is amazing news! Should we go immediately?
MELIA: You... don't want to do it? But... why?
ERICK: Could've been a little less blatant with that response...
VENAM: Why do you have to go and ruin the mood like that?!
Just for doing that, I'm volunteering you for this job.\| Do it, asshole!
ERICK: Sorry! We don't have time. It's now or never.
I vote for now. What about everyone else?
VENAM: Now.
MELIA: Now!
ERICK: Hehe, would you look at that? 3/4! Majority wins! We should head out immediately!
ERICK: Nothing to do but wait until morning. Let's get some rest guys...
VENAM: Yeah.
\ts[1]*The next morning...*
MELIA: So... What do we have?
ERICK: ...I'm sorry, but we weren't able to successfully separate Garbodor from the Rift Matter.
In doing so, the entire sample we got crumbled into nothing, and we don't have time to keep trying.
MELIA:\ts[1] I... see.
So... When are we going to do it then?
ERICK: We should do it as soon as possible. Even right now if we're up for that.
MELIA: We have to do what's best for everyone.
Garbodor is suffering too... If we do this, we're saving it as well.
I've come to terms with this. I've done a lot of thinking overnight.
This is a good thing.
ERICK: Hm... In that case, I think we should send two people to do the deed.
VENAM: If you want, \PN and I could take care of the job.
MELIA: No... \PN and I should be the ones to do it.
Garbodor saved our lives back in Goldenwood Forest, and it's only right if we return the favor.
VENAM: Okay.
ERICK: We should leave immediately then.
MELIA: Yeah...
Saki's a great engineer, but her methods aren't quite... conventional.
I'm pretty sure she has a few screws loose.
SCIENTIST: Garbodor's restoration will be tough, but I'm confident in my team's capabilities.
SCIENTIST: You're the one who saved that Garbodor, yes?
We're using all the excess energy from this plant into saving this poor Pokemon.
Yes
No
Let's save Garbodor!
Ugh... Why me?
How about tomorrow?
[Map257]
The Help Corporation Building is closed for renovations. Come back later!
I want to cross the street, but that would take effort and I'm not having any of that today.
OPT: Sheridan Village would be nothing without Texen!
TOURIST: You're kidding, right? Texen doesn't even do anything.
Rock-Type Pokemon are weak to Ice, Ground, Water, Grass, and... and...
There are a few others, but I just can't remember! I'm going to fail!
My life is just ruined! I can't live like this!
Hey, let's see if I can pass this final test!
I fail at my finals, so I fail at everything else it seems!
Time to be a nomad and forget everything I love in life!
HUEY: So... am I getting arrested or something?
OFFICER: No, but you're not allowed back in for the rest of the day.
Cool off, calm down, and come back tomorrow.
HUEY: Hm... Fine. I don't really like books anyway.
HUEY: Well, that sucks. At least only I got in trouble, though.
I'd feel really bad if you got in trouble too.
ERIN: \PN, what the hell is going on?
HUEY: H-Hey, Erin... Don't get mad at \PN. This was my fault.
ERIN: I'm not angry, I'm annoyed. It's different.
Anyway, I don't really have much for you to do other than what I told you before.
So just leave that to Melia and I. You and Huey go do whatever you want.
But don't slack off too much. The tournament is going to begin soon.
We'll all group in front of this library once we're done with everything.
HUEY: Um, sure!
HUEY: Well, we might as well hang out while we're both here.
I was going to ask you if you wanted to visit Lavender, but they aren't accepting visitors anymore.
Well, c'mon! There's a park just south of here!
TOURIST: Who even cares about Sheridan? I bet they don't even have any Wi-fi!
I heard that you can rack up AP at the Recreation Center!
Those Golden Items will be mine for sure!
Did you come from Route 9? Did you come from outer space??
You came from hell, uh-huh!
Stop talking to me you monster.
Um, Steel? Fighting... Water... Grass...
Huey is waiting for you!
TOURIST: That girl is so dumb for thinking Texen is actually doing something for Sheridan.
"Blakeory Atheneum."
HUEY: Erin called me to the library because she said she found things Rune owned.
I ran over here and got in trouble as soon as I got here...
But I can't stand that Thomas Blakeory! He gets me so mad!
HUEY: Sigh... Rune used to bring me to this park all the time when I was younger.
She's been gone for so long now, and there's been no breakthroughs...
I'm trying to stay happy and optimistic, but damn it's hard...
Rune... I hope you're doing okay.
???: Man, you slugged that guy!
REINA: \PN, it's me, Reina! Ren's sister?
We haven't seen each other for quite a while, yeah?
I think it was... since Valor Mountain?
Thanks for saving me back then, by the way!
If you didn't help me, I would've gotten out anyway, but it's the thought that counts!
You... Kinda left me hanging there, didn't you? It's okay, though.
I eventually was able to get out of there. So it's no big deal.
HUEY: Um, hey there? I don't think we've met.
REINA: Oh! Yes, nice to meet you! My name is Reina!
You two mind if I join you? I've got nothing else to do, really.
HUEY: Um, yeah sure! We've got nothing to do either. So join the club.
REINA: Yay! Hang out time commence!
Judicial District: Courtroom # 4. Flora's trial.
Bladestar Headquarters: Flora's meeting.
HUEY: Sucks that our hang out session ended early. Have, um, fun.
REINA: Yep, have fun! We'll behave and stay right here.
Once I'm done with Axis High University, I'm going to try to work for Silph Co. in Kanto!
"Gym residence of: Lavender."
Sometime after Alamissa Urben...
MINUN: Mi! Mi!
REINA: And then Ren pissed the bed for nearly a week!
He was quite literally a piss baby, and all because of some stupid Murkrow!
HUEY: I can't really blame him. That movie was totally scary!
REINA: Nu-uh! It totally wasn't! That stuff is easy to get through!
If you just realize-
???: \PN, there you are!
KANON: It's taken a while, but here you are!
HUEY: Oh, hey Kanon! What's up?
KANON: \PN, I know this sounds really sudden, but I need you to come with me!
REINA: Sorry, but we're kind of hanging out right now.
You can join us if you wanna?
KANON: Um, no... \PN, seriously though, I need you to follow me right now.
Krystal said she'd like to speak with you!
REINA: Um... This is kinda rude of you, you know?
But if this "Krystal" person really needs to speak to \PN right away, it must be important...
HUEY: Can we come with?
KANON: Sorry, Huey, but... Krystal only requested \PN.
HUEY: Bummer...
KANON: Psst, \PN, meet me at the National Park...
REINA: Hi, \PN. I hope things with Krystal go well.
We'll just be waiting here, right Huey?
HUEY: R-Right...!
REINA: Yep, bye \PN!
I never leave my house because I don't want to get hurt.
Hospitals scare me way too much!
RALTS: Rall!
"Scholar Recreation Center."
I am a Geology teacher for Axis High University. I teach about the different places in the world!
Argh, did I say Geology? I meant Geometry! Yes, that's correct, I think...
REINA: What are you guys up to now?
HUEY: Um, nothing really. My friend Lavender is in the hospital recovering, and my apartment is kinda filled with hooligans, so...
I'm kind of stuck doing nothing for a little while.
REINA: Nothing, huh? Would you guys be interested in helping me with something?
HUEY: Huh? What do you need?
REINA: \PN already knows about this, but my brother ran away from home a long time ago.
I'm sure Ren is fine, and I'm not one to get anxious over things...
But I need to make sure... Something is going right.
HUEY: Sure. Do you know where he might be?
REINA: Not a clue! That's where you two come in!
If we keep asking people-
HUEY: What the?!
GRUNT1: Yeah, we got them! Take that \PN!
REINA: Hey man, this is totally not cool!
GRUNT2: Hey, are you sure this is \PN?
GRUNT1: I'm sure it is! I have this very accurate drawing of them in crayon!
GRUNT2: Hm... Okay, I believe you. Let's take them to the chasm and chuck 'em in like we planned!
GRUNT1: Our boss is going to be so proud of us! So proud!
REINA: Okay, but do you guys take criticism?
GRUNT1: Only while crying!
REINA: Right, so, just a suggestion, but can you guys not?
GRUNT2: Criticism denied! Our work is perfect!
REINA: Stop! Let me go! Why am I always being caged up anyway?!
I feel like this happens far too often! Hey! Take my criticism! Stop!
HUEY: Crap, this is so bad! It looks like they're heading for Route 9!
There was a beauty salon here in the Scholar District.
But Cassandra thought it wasn't bringing in enough money, so she shut it down.
But she also banned anymore from popping up. What's her deal?
ERIN: Looks like this place is about the same, which is nice.
MELIA: ...
ERIN: Well, anyway, the Atheneum is just south east of here.
Don't take too long.
MELIA: Alright, c'mon Melia. One step at a time.
My Ralts and I are going to go train at the Recreation Center!
If you're ever in need for AP, that's the place to go!
OFFICER: We're setting up for the Grand Dream Ball, so I can't let you past.
Finals are coming up soon, and I don't think I'm ready...
If you fall below a certain GPA, it's over for you...
These Cherry Blossoms were apparently taken from Route 2.
We should just uproot all the trees from Route 2 and bring them here!
Why waste such a beautiful tree on a Route?
ERIN: This is it. They kick people out for being too loud, so...
Yeah, don't be loud.
MELIA: Right, don't be loud! Just gotta keep it together...
Yeah, keep it together and things will work out just fine!
C'mon, \PN! We shouldn't keep Erin waiting!
Maybe in your last moments you will rue the day you put your job above your own sister..
FLORA: But you won't hate me, will you?
I mean, tee hee, I just did the same thing you did to me!
It's nothing personal, my dear brother. I will always cherish the memories we had.
I mean, after our parents died... We had no one else but ourselves.
But every meeting has a parting, and this is where our parting begins.
Know that when you pass, I shall not mourn.
I will continue to be Grand Dream City's sweetheart... While you'll...
Rot.
In.
HELL.
FLORA: ...
What's the point of doing that, Florin?
I mean, life in prison is practically death. What's the point of living?
FLORIN: Flora, don't say stuff like that.
FLORA: What, you think I would wait every week with bated breath for you to come visit me or something?
And frankly, I don't even see you as my brother anymore, so don't talk to me like I'm your sister.
You're nothing but another obstacle to tear down when I get the opportunity.
You sniveling little mongrel! You insufferable cretin...
It's no wonder father didn't choose you for this role...
You have no backbone, no spine! You'd do well as a politician.
FLORIN: F-Father?
FLORA: So go ahead and announce your sentence, Judge.
Whether it be death or life in prison, it means absolutely nothing to me!
JUDGE: Despite your poor attitude, I will do what Florin asked of me and spare your life.
FLORA: Hah, spare my life? My life was never in danger, Judge.
JUDGE: Hm? What are you talking about?
FLORA: Did you really think you all could confine me so easily?
As if I didn't have a plan for this exact situation.
FLORIN: Flora, what are you up to? Don't make this worse on yourself!
FLORA: Stop talking! Your voice is like nails on a chalkboard!
Sorry ladies and gentlemen, but I'm afraid I have to run.
JUDGE: Flora, I order you to silence yourself!
FLORA: I will never be silenced! Go fuck yourself, Judge!
JUDGE: Guards, hold Miss Grevillea in contempt!
FLORA: Do it now, you stupid grunts! Now!
FLORA: Sorry, brother. There's only space for me. I cannot save you!
Perhaps I shall come back before your execution?
You all better up your security...
FLORA: Adios, fuckers! See you all in hell!
FLORIN: Flora... Why...?
FLORIN: ...
Sorry, but the Help Corporation Building is closed for renovations.
OFFICER: This area is off limits! Please step away!
Top students are awarded tickets to the Grand Dream Ball. Did you know that?
You don't know about the Grand Dream Ball?
It's a party held on the top floor of the community building during the festival.
It's mostly a business thing, so a lot of normal people aren't invited.
Well then, now you know!
Grand Dream Ball?
Nope.
[Map258]
Helloo?? Are you my husband?
Where is my husband?!
This is why we can't have nice things.
KANON: Krystal said she had something really important to tell you.
She wouldn't even tell me what it was, so I guess it's not relevant to me?
Well, I guess it doesn't matter too much.
Do you see this Claydol here?
???: Yup, I see it!
KANON: What are you two doing here?!
HUEY: It wasn't my fault! It was Reina's idea!
REINA: Yeah, it was my idea. I take full responsibility.
KANON: I said that Krystal only requested \PN.
REINA: I just wanted to see what you were up to!
It really can't be that bad if we tag along, right? We wanna go too!
Right, Huey?
HUEY: Well... I've... I've got nothing to do, so...
KANON: Alright, alright... You two can come, but you're not allowed to talk to Krystal unless she says it's okay.
REINA: Hella! Alright, so where we goin'?
KANON: Well, as I was saying before I was rudely interrupted by you two...
This Claydol here likes to roam the National Park-- Mostly cuz few people come here.
We can use Claydol here to teleport us into the, well, you'll see.
REINA: What a weird way to travel. Why not just-
KANON: Anything you're about to suggest is probably something that just doesn't happen.
People from this place have no way to cross waters, so they have to make do with the Pokemon local to them.
In this case, the local being Claydol!
REINA: You sure this Claydol is the right way to go about this? It looks kinda, uh...
KANON: I got here just fine, didn't I? I mean, it put me in the Dream District, but that's close enough.
Alright, Claydol, use Teleport!
CLAYDOL: Claydo!
REINA: Is this safe? What if that thing teleports us over the ocean or something?
I can swim but at that point I'd just let the waves take me.
HUEY: Th-That's kinda dark...
REINA: Just let it END.
HUEY: I-I won't let it happen that way!
REINA: I'm only joking,\| kinda.\| Come on, let's see what this is all about!
REINA: C'mon Claydol! Teleport me! I wanna go!
CLAYDOL: Claydo...?
HUEY: Waaaiittt!!
The national park is here for students who want to capture their own Pokemon.
That's why it seems like this place is unkempt.
Pokemon prefer more chaotic environments, after all!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
CLAYDOL: Clayydoo!
Looks like this Claydol is waiting for someone.
Have Claydol teleport you?
Wow you actually came here? That's rare.
Welcome to the National Park!
Maybe we should advertise this area a little more.
Yes
No
[Map259]
I'm very sorry, but Lavender isn't here to take any challenges at the moment.
She's currently recovering at the Hospital of Hope.
MELIA: Is there any chance you'd let me in? I wanted to visit the arena.
HOST: Unfortunately, that's not possible. Sorry.
MELIA: I understand.
MELIA: Um, do you happen to be the individual who knows the truth?
YOUNGSTER: Rghh... Are you the one the Puppet Master told me about?
MELIA: You know about the Puppet Master? Then that means-
YOUNGSTER: Defeat me in battle and you'll find out the truth!
MELIA: Alright, I'm ready. Let's do this!
Phew... Alright, here's the truth.
YOUNGSTER: Thank goodness, I can go home now!
Anyway, here's the truth.
"Bring the Nightmare Medallions to this library at midnight tonight."
MELIA: Bring the medallions to the library? At midnight tonight... but why?
YOUNGSTER: I dunno! Good luck doing that. The library's closing tonight for some weird reason.
MELIA: We'll think of something, thanks.
MELIA: I'll be back in a second. I need to get prepared.
YOUNGSTER: Please hurry up! I wanna go home...
Please don't talk to me right now. I'm... I'm waiting for someone.
MELIA: O-Okay, I'll leave you be then.
THOMAS: Could you please not bother me? I'm busy, thanks.
MELIA: Uh... What just happened? I didn't dream all of that, right?
ERIN: We certainly didn't dream that... I think?
But we seemed to have somehow ended up in the restricted section of the library.
MELIA: Right... We were running from that thing and now...
ERIN: Yep, and now we're not.
MELIA: Didn't that scare you? Why are you acting so calm?
ERIN: Eh, I've dealt with worse before. That was child's play.
MELIA: I see...
ERIN: Melia, take a look at this.
MELIA: It's another package from the Puppet Master...
ERIN: Let's take a look.
MELIA: Erin, I'm not so sure we should be messing with these things anymore.
Just look at what happened. That stuff isn't normal at all.
ERIN: So? We haven't been doing normal things for ages now.
Why stop here when we're on a huge lead?
MELIA: ...Good point.
ERIN: Huh. Talk about a huge lead.
MELIA: What's inside?
ERIN: There's a note, and two tickets to the Grand Dream Ball.
The note says "The real truth shall be made known during the climax of the Grand Dream Ball."
MELIA: What's the Grand Dream Ball?
ERIN: You know how GDC is doing its Dream Festival?
Well, it's a small dinner that a lot of higher officials get to attend.
It's super formal. Everyone has to show up in formal wear and everything.
MELIA: Well, if we're going, I'm gonna need to shop for formal wear.
ERIN: Nonsense, I have something you can wear at home.
Only thing is... It takes place immediately after our matches at the tournament.
We're gonna have to book it if we wanna make it on time.
MELIA: It'll be a tight fit, but maybe we could fly there on Hapi?
ERIN: That's fine with me.
Or maybe you could go all golden and teleport us there.
MELIA: I clearly know that's a joke, but it's frustrating to think about.
I've tried activating that light multiple times. I thought I could maybe bring back Venam with it, but...
It just won't come to me willingly. It usually...
\c[6]It usually only happens when I'm in a dire situation.
ERIN: That's useless.
MELIA: Yeah...
ERIN: Oh, it looks like there's one last thing in the box.
It's actually for you, Melia.
MELIA: For me?
ERIN: Yep, this file. It says "Project Rapture" on it.
Does that name ring any bells?
MELIA: I can't say it does...\| Might as well check it out.
Let's see here... Project Rapture.
ERIN: ...Melia, are you doing okay? You're trembling.
MELIA:\ts[1] It can't be true...
THIS HAS TO BE A LIE!\| I REFUSE TO BELIEVE THIS!
ERIN: Hey, relax! If you yell you might get us caught...
Give me the file. I want to take a look at it.
ERIN: Thank you.
ERIN: Project Rapture, Confidentiality Rank S...
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the "Storm Chasers" is the name of the group you were a part of in the past, right?
MELIA: Th-That's correct...
ERIN: I see, which means that this file-
MELIA: The file is about me. It's about the event that started all of this.
Team Xen did plan to pick me up when I turned a certain age, but...
It looks like Spacea and Tiempa took this opportunity to manipulate me.
They somehow found out about Team Xen's plan and flipped it on its head.
They pushed me into a corner where saying no wasn't an option.
They made it look like I had a choice, but I didn't. It was all a game to them.
Looks like my Dad was in on this as well... But read the last few lines.
ERIN: "The following info should not be disclosed to Professor Jenner."
"After the Project is complete, eradication of Professor Jenner's status shall proceed.
More info shall be noted in the file "Project Eradication"."
ERIN: So they were just using him to get closer to you.
Once this plan was complete, they planned on getting rid of him.
MELIA: And in Space and Tiempa's eyes, that can only mean death.
He knew too much. I bet they were happy when they found out Crescent already took care of him.
And then Karrina... Someone who I thought was my friend... She was in on it too.
She even knew they were going to kill my Dad but she went through with it anyway.
MELIA: What is this information doing here? How could the Puppet Master get his hands on something like this?
How many more lies have I been fed...?
All this time. Everything I've done was exactly what Spacea and Tiempa wanted.
They played me. I... I hate them.
ERIN: Let's calm down a bit, Melia. I understand your frustration and anger.
But you already cut ties with them, right?
MELIA: I wonder... I wonder if this is why Crescent went rogue?
\c[6]Did she find something out she wasn't supposed to?
Did they... plan to get rid of her at some point?
ERIN: Let's not jump to conclusions. We can do that once we gather our thoughts.
For now, we're done here. Let's get out before we're caught.
MELIA: Sigh, you're right. Getting angry over this is dumb.
...But before we go, can we visit just one more place?
ERIN: Seriously? Where?
MELIA: I wanna visit the arena they have here.
ERIN: Fine, let's make it quick.
I think we've already overstayed our welcome as is.
MELIA: Erin, there's something I have to tell you!
MELIA: Huh? Isn't that the same box from the Theatre?
ERIN: It's the same -type- of box, but it's not the exact same one from before.
Some SPU delivery man dropped it off here. It's for both of us apparently.
MELIA: What's inside of it?
ERIN: Nothing but a note and two medallions.
As for the note, it says...
"Find the one with the truth somewhere in the library."
MELIA: We have to find someone?
ERIN: Apparently so. They probably know what's up with this box business.
MELIA: This is weird, but I guess I'll look for someone.
ERIN: Melia, you said you had something to tell me?
MELIA: Ah! Thank you for reminding me.
MELIA: While I was upstairs, I was researching something somewhat unrelated.
Have you ever heard of "The Interceptor"?
ERIN: I can't say that I have, why?
MELIA: Back in the alternate timeline, Madame X called \v[12] the "Interceptor".
But she wouldn't tell me what that meant, and \v[12] wouldn't say anything either.
So I decided to take things into my own hands and do some research.
What I found was quite shocking, actually...
ERIN: Can you stop talking like a clickbaity news site and just tell me?
MELIA: Right... Well, the term "Interceptor" in this context comes from Garufan culture.
The Interceptor is someone who intercepts the phenomenon known as "Fate's Passage".
ERIN: Fate's passage...\| I've read about that before.
It's the belief that everything in this world belongs to an already written destiny.
\c[6]Everything we do was already predestined.
MELIA: Correct, but the interceptor is one who lives outside that law.
\c[6]The one that intercepts fate's passage.
But that's not all... According to the page I read...
The Interceptor is usually called upon by the universe when the world is in immense danger.
When this happens, the being is brought in to act as the judge of this world.
They're seen sort of as... a last ditch effort?
The Interceptor has the ability to send the world into peace or destruction.
All up to the mercy of them.
ERIN: ...
MELIA: The page also explained that there are usually weird phenomenons surrounding the Interceptor.
Sometimes they know things when they shouldn't.
They appear and disappear, as if they were just an apparition...
When I read that, it reminded me of something that happened at Valor Mountain.
\v[12] was thrown into a pit of lava. There's no way they could've survived it.
But then out of nowhere, \v[12] appeared as if nothing happened.
And then again, in the alternate timeline, \v[12] took the full blast of Melanie's attack.
It should've obliterated them, but they appeared moments later without a single scratch.
ERIN: That also reminds me of something Aelita told me...
She said when \v[12] was with her in Carotos Mountain, they vanished.
She couldn't find them no matter how hard she looked, but then one day they just up and appeared.
ERIN: I'm sorry, there's a lot I have to think about.
Go ahead and find the individual spoken about on the note.
MELIA: Will do...
ERIN: Melia, one last thing.
MELIA: Yes? What is it.
ERIN: Do you trust \v[12]?
MELIA: With all my heart. If it weren't for them, I wouldn't be here right now.
MELIA: I do trust \v[12]. They're a good friend.
MELIA: I can't say much about that, but they haven't been horrible to me at least.
MELIA: There's no way. I can't trust \PN at all...
They've been nothing but horrible to me.
ERIN: I see.\| Carry on.
CLERK: Um, excuse me? Could you come here for a second?
MELIA: Hm...?
CLERK: I'm very sorry for bothering you, but are you friends with Erin?
MELIA: Oh, yeah! I am. We're here working together on something.
CLERK: Phew... That's a relief. Erin's finally found a friend.
MELIA: Huh? Am I missing something?
CLERK: Erin's been sort of... a regular guest here at the museum.
Everyday she'd walk in here, go up those stairs and read. Alone.
It was really strange to me at the time. I asked myself, "doesn't she have any friends?"
So one day I went and asked her if everything was okay.
At first she tried to shoo me off, but I'm a persistent gal!
Eventually she became annoyed to the point where she opened herself up to me.
It turns out, Erin's peers bullied her to the point of depression.
"CHILDREN: Heyy, Erin! Why are you so smart? Only nerds are that smart!
Who dresses you? Your mother?
Careful, Monica, I heard Erin doesn't have a mom! Boo-hoo!
I heard she doesn't have a dad either! Can you believe that? What a loser!
Hey Erin! Where ya going? Don't leave without us! Chase her!
Aw, Erin... Stop crying, it was only a joke. What would your mom say if she saw you like this?
Your dad would probably off himself before admitting you were his daughter!
Oh look! It's Erin! How many rocks can her big head take before it cracks open like an egg? Let's find out!!"
ERIN:\ts[1] ...
\ts[1]Please... stop.....
\ts[1]Please... Stop hurting me...
Ostracized from people, she turned to books. This place was a safe haven for her.
MELIA: I knew Erin seemed sort of introverted, but I never would've thought it was the result of bullying...
She always has this hardened attitude. Filled to the brink of confidence.
In that regard, I was jealous of her.
CLERK: Sometimes all that can be a show. Or perhaps that's just what her past turned herself into.
But I'm glad she found someone as nice as you.
MELIA: Thank you for telling me all this.
CLERK: No problem. Please look after her.
MELIA: I will!
MELIA: ... Erin.
MELIA: No use leaving now. I have things to do here!
CLERK: Oh, don't mind me. I've just been sorting out some books.
MELIA: Keep doing what you're doing! I'm sure everyone appreciates it!
CLERK: I'm glad Erin found a friend after all.
MELIA: I'm glad too.
MELIA: Um, excuse me, but could you help me with something?
CLERK: One moment, please.
MELIA: Sure.
CLERK: Hello and welcome to the Blakeory Atheneum!
We have a large array of books. Take any book you like.
CLERK: Hello and welcome to-
...
What can I do for you... again?
MELIA: S-Sorry, but I just wanted to ask you more-
CLERK: I. Told. You. That I don't have any more info. Please let me do my job.
MELIA: Hahah, got it...
Papers, projects, deadlines... I'm going to die.
MELIA: Don't give up! It may be difficult, but if you keep going at it you'll be really successful!
GIRL: I really needed that pick me up... Thank you.
???: ...
ANA: \PN, you're here! I have that card that was in that box.
The lady downstairs said it was for the computers here, so...
DYLAN: That's why we're up here.
ANA: Um, so how do I use this?
DYLAN: There should be a slot next to the monitor. You can slide it there.
ANA: Ah...!
Ana slid the card through the slot.
ANA: Dylan...! Why did you turn it off?!
DYLAN: Because we don't have to listen to her.
Didn't you hear what she was saying? She was about to lay down a list of requirements from you.
Do you really want to hear that? You know what that would do to you?
ANA: But...\| It's my choice, isn't it?
DYLAN: I'm just saying. Watching this won't help you. It'll hurt you.
Trust me. I've been a victim of these ransom-type messages before.
They're only made to mess with your psyche. Trick you into making the wrong decision.
I'm just asking you to trust me on this one.
ANA: Okay... I trust you. I won't watch anymore of this video.
DYLAN: Thank you.
ANA: What now? What do we do from here?
DYLAN: Just live your life, Ana.
Forget about these worthless people and just do what you want.
ANA: I wish I knew what I wanted.
But I'll do my best. Thank you, Dylan, and \PN.
DYLAN: No problem.
ANA: I'm still concerned, though. Even if we decide to ignore this video...
I don't think V will have the same feelings towards the drive within me.
DYLAN: And we'll fight for you when she tries.
ANA: I don't want you two to keep fighting for me all the time!
DYLAN: Hm...\| You know what?\| I got an idea.
You two should meet me on Route 9 in about... 10 minutes from now.
I'll explain more then.
ANA: An idea...? I wonder what's going on through his head...?
Route 9 is just north of here, isn't it?
I'll make my way there now.
Locked.
ERIN: Well, we're here. There's nothing really special about this place.
Why'd you want to visit this place?
MELIA: This place... \|Was supposed to be my Gym.
ERIN: This place? Hmph. I never took you to be the studious type.
MELIA: This place was reconfigured for Lavender's tastes.
But if that day never happened, this is where I would've been a Gym Leader.
Do you know what my Dad said to me when I got accepted into the League?
He said that he would be my first opponent. We were so excited. It was his idea that I join the League. He said it would open up so many
opportunities.
But then we all got mixed up in Team Xen, and apparently he was also a Storm Chaser?
He got caught up in both and died for it.
I'll never know his reasons for doing what he did, but there's one thing I know for sure.
He died trying to do the right thing. He tried to help us out when he was in the worst possible position.
He put us before himself, and for that I will be eternally grateful.
My one regret about all of this is... I...
I didn't even give him a chance to explain. I was so blinded by rage.
I was arrogant and stupid. I thought of everything in a black and white perspective.
"You're either with me, or against me."
What a damn joke... What was I thinking?
I made the biggest mistake of my life, and now I can't take it back.
ERIN: And isn't that the beauty of life itself?
MELIA: Wh-What?
ERIN: Mistakes build us into better people. If you never made a mistake, you wouldn't grow.
Some mistakes are bigger than others, yes, but there's no use in feeling bad for yourself. What's done is done.
The best thing we can do as people is to try to be better because of all that.
MELIA: ...
ERIN: Besides, we both read that file, right? There was something in there that didn't add up.
MELIA: Th-There was?
ERIN: I don't remember reading about making you a Gym Leader. You said that was his idea.
MELIA: Yeah? What about it?
ERIN: Well, if he was so loyal to that "Project Rapture" bullshit, then why would he go out of his way to do that?
Again, this is conjecture, but I believe he had his own plan in store for you.
He wanted to make you strong so that you could follow your own destiny.
So that you wouldn't fall into the clutches of Team Xen or Spacea and Tiempa.
MELIA: I see...\| Thank you so much for bringing that to light. I understand now.
ERIN: And listen, I'm not your dad, but if you want, I could be your first opponent.
If that makes you feel better, that is.
MELIA: Erin... But I'm not a Gym Leader. I don't-
ERIN: So? Haven't you ever played pretend? I mean honestly now.
ERIN: I'm ready whenever you are.
MELIA: Erin...
MELIA: Okay, I accept your challenge!
ERIN: Then let's start already.
I wonder how many books they have around cooking?
I would like to master the technique of cooking Pot-au-feu.
MELIA: The books on the right side of the library have a wonderful selection of books dealing with the culinary arts!
They're useful for beginners, like me!
LADY: How thoughtful of you! I'll check them out whenever I get the chance!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
I think I'm done being an entertainer. Time to become an engineer!
DYLAN: Hey, \PN. Looks like that card key was for the computers up here.
Wonder what'll happen when we use it?
I wonder what they have behind those scary looking gates?
I heard that they keep top secret info locked up in there!
I've seen you walk past here a couple of times! I wanna see how you battle!
MELIA: Oh, sure thing! Let's do it!
Wow, you're strong!
YOUNGSTER: It's always interesting to see what Pokemon other people have!
MELIA: Agreed! It's nice to find someone who thinks similarly.
THOMAS: Who would possibly find it appropriate to bother me?
THOMAS: Sigh, of course it's you.
But I must say, I'm impressed. I didn't really take you for the intellectual type.
Seeing you in here has made my opinion of you change.
Not that there was much of an opinion anyway.
HUEY: Oh, \PN! Heh, fancy meeting you here! What's up?
Say, have you seen Erin around? She told me to come by.
THOMAS: Eugh, seriously? What is the poor orphan boy doing here?
Run along, orphan boy. There's nothing for you at an institution like this.
HUEY: What did you just say?!
THOMAS: You heard me, peasant. Don't play dumb.
By the way, where's that putrid rat that accompanies you?
The one that defiled my face, you remember that don't you?
HUEY: I won't forget that moment ever. By the looks of it, your face won't either.
THOMAS: Are you implying that there is a mark? Because that's impossible.
I hired elite makeup artists to cover that foul bruise she left.
Any evidence of that incident happening is no longer visible.
HUEY: Whatever you say, dude.
THOMAS: By the way, I heard Lavender was in the hospital.
Serves her right! You know what they say about Karma, yes?
HUEY: Hey, don't talk about Lavender that way! Take it back now!
THOMAS: I will take nothing back. The truth hurts sometimes, Huey.
And if you can't handle the truth, then you don't deserve to be in the same room as me!
HUEY: Say that to my fists, Thomas Blakeory!
THOMAS: Eurgh... You people can't just hit me every time I tell you the truth.
HUEY: I dunno, your face is pretty punchable. You just make it too easy.
THOMAS: You think this is funny? Fine, if that's how it is...
Security!
HUEY: S-Security?
HUEY: Damnit...
It's an empty pedestal.
SCHOOLGIRL: I'm studying how to become a better trainer. Wanna help?
MELIA: I'll do my best!
I guess I gotta study more. Oh well.
SCHOOLGIRL: I guess I should train more Pokemon... Three isn't nearly enough.
MELIA: You should take it slow. Sometimes a lot can become too much to handle.
Consider taking your Pokemon to the Day Care if things get too rough, okay?
SCHOOLGIRL: You got it! Thank you!
ERIN: Would you please take your place? We're not exactly supposed to be here.
The internet is too slow here! I hate this!
SCHOOLBOY: I'm going to live in the library until I turn into a book myself!
MELIA: I'd suggest... not doing that.
My dreams!
SCHOOLBOY: If I can't be a book, I'm going to be a table!
MELIA: How about you don't do that?
ERIN: Now listen. I'm not a trainer. Don't expect some impressive fight on my part.
MELIA: All that matters is that you're here willing to do this.
That's all I could ever ask for.
ERIN: Yeah, yeah. En garde and all that.
This was the expected outcome but... I had fun.
ERIN: What's important is that we had fun.
Isn't that what people say after they lose or something.
MELIA: It sure is.
ERIN: I don't think battling will ever be for me, but I will admit...
That I did have some fun in that fight, thanks.
MELIA: Erin?
ERIN: I just... I don't really have many opportunities to feel this way.
So whenever I do, I don't know how to act.
MELIA: I don't understand.
ERIN: I've never had real friends. I never had real parents.
I've never had a real life of my own. I just did the same routine, over and over.
But all of that changed when Aelita appeared.
Suddenly it feels like I'm finally a part of something.
Something that gives my life some sort of worth and meaning.
I just wanted to say that I... appreciate you all.
You, Huey, Lavender, Venam, \v[12], Aelita, Kanon-- Everyone that's been with me so far.
Thank you all... For breaking me out of my own prison.
MELIA: We'd be there to break you out no matter what.
Because now you're a part of our group. Our family. We have to look after each other!
Because when we're out there fighting evil, there won't be anyone but us.
ERIN: Y-Yeah... You're right.
\ts[1]Thank you, Melia.
ERIN: Visiting this place never gets old. I'm glad that feeling hasn't gone away.
Well, we have work to do.
I have a place where we'll be able to start without being interrupted.
MELIA: You go on ahead. We'll be right there.
ERIN: Suit yourself.
MELIA: Um, excuse me?
CLERK: Hello! How may I help you?
MELIA: I was just wondering if there was, by chance, a Gym here?
CLERK: Yes, that's correct, but if you want to challenge the Gym Leader, you'll have to wait.
Lavender's currently at the Hospital of Hope.
MELIA: Lavender is the Gym Leader of the Blakeory Athenaeum?
I see... Well, thank you.
CLERK: No problem! I'll be here if you need me.
Man, why do we gotta do all these ridiculous projects for school?
I just want to become a Pokemon Trainer!
MELIA: Then why don't you? You don't need to go to school to be a trainer.
Most people I know just became trainers on a whim and became better with experience.
GUY: I dunno... Maybe I'm the one holding myself back from that dream.
MELIA: Hey, try it out. I'm sure things will turn out well!
ERIN: Are you going to help me, or are you going to just stare off into space forever?
MELIA: Oh, yeah, sorry. I was a bit distracted.
ERIN: Yeah, I noticed. In fact, you've been like that ever since we got here.
It's kind of pissing me off. Are you here to work or not?
MELIA: N-No, I am! I promise, it's just this place is...
Sigh, it's not even worth talking about right now. Let's just get back to what we were doing.
I won't space out anymore.
ERIN: Excellent. You can start by telling me what you found out from the receptionist.
MELIA: Right. Rune checked those books out about a month ago.
I asked her if she acted strange or anything. She didn't have an answer for me.
Well she did, but it went like "Ma'am, I just work here so I can get money off my tuition".
And then she sent me off.
ERIN: How polite of her.
MELIA: Anyway, there's something I wanted to check on, so I'm going upstairs to the lab.
ERIN: Okay, I'll be down here. Reading. If anything interesting comes up I'll call for you.
MELIA: Got it. Good luck, Erin.
MELIA: Okay...Time to go and check out the computer lab upstairs.
The clerk earlier said my assigned computer was the one at the far left, by the window.
Maybe I can find what I'm looking for there.
BLACKBELT: Hrraauauughh!
MELIA: Keep it down! This is a library!
Sorry, Ma'am.
BLACKBELT: Sorry, I won't yell anymore.
MELIA: You can yell, just not here...
BLACKBELT: Why can't I yell? We battled just fine and that was 10x as loud.
MELIA: That's because... because... um... huh...
MELIA: Uh... Where are we?
ERIN: Hm... Not the library, clearly.
MELIA: It's a whole lot of nothing. Nothing to the right, to the left.
ERIN: It's possible we could've fallen into some... other dimension.
I don't think it's another Rift, but it's giving me sorta the same vibe.
MELIA: If the truth turns out to be a whole lot of "nothing" I'm going to be upset.
MELIA: E-Erin, what is that?!
ERIN: Y-You're asking me? I have no idea!
ERIN: Don't do anything silly, just...
RUN.
MELIA: Where are we running to?!
ERIN: Does it look like I know? Just keep doing it!
MELIA: I don't... Think we're moving anywhere.
ERIN: Uh, yeah, we're not...
MELIA: Wait, now we are! RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
MELIA: I can see a light! Let's head towards that!
ERIN: We were heading in that direction anyway you dolt!
MELIA:\ts[1] Just a bit farther!!! Come on!
ERIN: Almost there!
MELIA: Okay, second to last, and by the window.
Let's do this.
There was a long feud between Cassandra and Rhodea about the usability of this library.
Cassandra wanted this place to be used upon a monthly membership subscription.
Rhodea thought everyone should have the opportunity to learn.
Cassandra was furious when she actually lost and this place became free.
So she withdrew her affiliation with the library, which hurt business, but...
Eventually, this place was able to make up the difference.
MELIA: Never knew Cassandra was so... Greedy?
It's a little disappointing to see the mayor of such a grand city like this act that way.
But I guess it's political and business-y, so it's not that surprising.
ERIN: See? Wasn't that easy? The people here don't really care.
They nonchalantly check if everything's turned off and then leave.
MELIA: How do you know so much about this library, Erin?
ERIN: Let's just say this place used to be my second home.
You learn a few things when you're here all the time.
It's just about midnight, and we have the medallions, so...
Guess we should take a look around.
MELIA: Gotcha, I'm right behind you.
ERIN: Huh.
MELIA: I think this is the reason why we were supposed to be here at night.
ERIN: Well? Let's go.
MELIA: Y-You want me to step on that thing?!
ERIN: Yes, that's the whole damn point. Now let's go.
MELIA: Um... Okay.
MELIA: Time to find out what's logged in these databases.
A library as grand as this one must have SOMETHING interesting.
MELIA: First, let's see what they have on Madame X.
MELIA: And enter!
MELIA: A lot of weird options here, but they do have an article on Madame X.
Let's see what they got.
Scarce is right, they have nothing about her here...
Is there really no information about her anywhere?
Sigh, this is a waste of time.
Let's try this again.
I might be crazy for trying this, but...
MELIA: Crossing my fingers...
MELIA: Huh...? Only one entry? That's really surprising considering the word "interceptor" isn't really that rare.
Huh? That's weird. What's with this icon at the end of the results tab?
...It sort of looks like...
???: And just what are you doing?
MELIA: G-Gahh!!
THOMAS: Oh honestly. There's no need to scream so loudly.
MELIA: And there's no reason to sneak up on people either!
THOMAS: I've been standing here for at least 5 minutes.
MELIA: What do you want?
THOMAS: I've been thinking about you for the past 10 minutes.
I've come to the conclusion that you and I would make the most efficient power couple this entire region has ever seen.
Not romantically, of course. Money is always first. Business partners, if you will.
Join me and help me dominate this world with our incredible amount of partnership and money.
MELIA: No.
THOMAS: Well, it was worth a try.
I must say that you are turning down quite the opportunity, though.
I always try to give to the poor, but they're never willing to take.
It's that disgusting pride they all have. It's holding them back.
MELIA: That's pretty ironic coming from you.
Wait a minute, I recognize you now. You're the one that got my friends kicked out of this place.
THOMAS: Oh, \v[12] and Huey? They're not worth the time and energy to fuss over.
They'll come crawling back as if nothing ever happened.
It's a common trait between bugs like them.
MELIA: Don't you DARE talk about my friends like that!
MELIA: Hmph.
THOMAS: Yes, yes, whatever. It doesn't matter.
Just what are you doing on this computer? Let me see.
MELIA: H-Hey, that's none of your business! Just who the hell do you think you are?
THOMAS: Oh my... Trying to get into a restricted article I see?
Trying to get kicked out yourself? You're doing this all wrong.
Here, this is how you do things. I'll log into my account so that you can access the article.
MELIA: Wait,\| what?
THOMAS: I said I'm logging you into my account so you can view the article.
There, everything's finalized. Read to your heart's content.
MELIA: It really is unlocked...
THOMAS: Ugh, yes. That's what I said I was doing. Can't you listen?
MELIA: I just don't understand why you would help me out.
THOMAS: There are four things I value in this world.
Money, my family name, my company, and intellect.
When I found you, it looked like you were actually trying to learn something.
That's far more than what other people can say when they walk in here.
All they want to do is pass some exam and forget all that info.
But you're different. Learning actually matters to you.
You could say that trait of yours captivated me.
So learn, do whatever you must.
MELIA: Hey.
THOMAS: What is it?
MELIA: You're a genuine asshole.\| But thanks.
THOMAS: Hmph... No problem at all. What was your name again?
MELIA: It's Melia.
THOMAS: Right, Melia. I shall not forget it.
THOMAS: What on earth is this feeling in my stomach.
I feel... weird. Is it because I helped someone out?
Oh dear.
THOMAS: Lucile, this is Thomas. Schedule a doctor's appointment immediately.
I feel like there's something very wrong with me.
MELIA: A mess. That's what he is.
Anyway...
MELIA: Th-There's no way... This is true? What... What is going on here...
I have to go tell Erin what I found.
ERIN: Okay, let's get started. We have a lot to discuss.
MELIA: You read that book last night, right? Miera Region: Origins?
ERIN: I did, and I learned some pretty interesting stuff.
So interesting, that I would've thought the book was a work of fiction if it weren't for the circumstances.
MELIA: What did you learn?
ERIN: Well, for starters, the Miera Region was a place that existed long before Aevium.
The region itself is located nine hours west of Aevium.
But the thing is... The Miera Region has been completely abandoned.
MELIA: Huh? Completely abandoned?
ERIN: The citizens of the region had to flee because of a nuclear meltdown at the Miera Nuclear Plant.
This is where it gets interesting, and where Katsu's words start to make sense.
The first citizens of the Aevium Region and the people who fled Miera are one and the same.
When the Miera Nuclear Plant went under, the entire region fled east and ended up on uncharted shores.
MELIA: And that's how Aevium was discovered.
ERIN: That's correct, but that's not all I learned.
There were three things that stuck out to me while reading.
The incident at the plant was caused by 10 individuals. All died at the site.
Eight of them were unidentifiable, but for some strange reason, the ninth and tenth ones were.
MELIA: And? Who were they?
ERIN: The ninth person was a woman named Freya.
She was part of the International Police, and was discovered to be the reason the plant went under.
Other than those two bits of information, I couldn't find anything else on her.
MELIA: Hm... As for the tenth individual?
ERIN: I'll get to that in a sec, lemme continue for now.
MELIA: Gotcha.
ERIN: The second thing is a little more relevant to us.
It turns out the Miera Region wasn't free of mass crime either.
There was another evil team running around and causing havoc, but that's not what sticks out to me.
The team that terrorized Miera was also called \c[6]Team Xen.
MELIA: Team Xen?!
ERIN: Yeah... They existed more than 50 years ago.
But unlike our Team Xen, there was no Madame X.
In fact, their leader wasn't a "madame" at all. He was male.
If I remember correctly, his name was Lord Xenadin.
Presumably, the name "Team Xen" comes from his name.
And coincidentally, this "Lord Xenadin" was the tenth victim.
MELIA: Lord Xenadin...
MELIA: If Lord Xenadin was also a casualty, that means this isn't the same Team Xen...
The Team Xen that we've fought up to this point has been the 2nd iteration?!
ERIN: Heh... And that's not even the best part.
As for the third and final thing that stuck out to me...
That very same nuclear plant, was owned by none other than the Blakeory's.
MELIA: The Blakeory's owned... That means...?
ERIN: It seems like they were involved in all of this, even back then. Somehow.
MELIA: Everything is connected... The Blakeory's and Team Xen.
What exactly is their true relation?
ERIN: That's what we're here to figure out, but it does give what Katsu said some context.
She said she wanted "to restore the Miera Region. So we can go back".
That confirms what this book says is true, at least in that aspect.
I can't say the rest is too accurate. There's just not enough data.
MELIA: I see... In that case, we should start looking around.
It seems you know a lot more about this place than \PN and I.
So just lead the way and we'll do our best.
ERIN: Understood. Melia, I'm going to need you to talk to the receptionist and find out when Rune took this book out.
MELIA: Leave it to me! I'll do my very best!
ERIN: As for you, \PN... I'm going to need you to find out where Rune got some of these books.
They were real exclusive looking books, so perhaps look for a pedestal or something?
If I remember correctly, there were three here last time I visited.
But the library changes its layout often to showcase new exhibits, so it might not be there anymore.
They were real exlusive looking books, so perhaps look for a pedestal or something?
MELIA: Erin, have you got anything new to share?
ERIN: I got a paper cut. That's the most interesting thing that's happened in the past hour or so.
MELIA: Yikes.
ERIN: Yeah.
MELIA: Hey... Erin, you mind if I ask you a weird question?
ERIN: Go for it, I'll answer to the best of my ability.
MELIA: Do you remember when we first met?
ERIN: It was in Darchlight Woods, right?
MELIA: Yeah. Do you remember what you did when you saw me?
You freaked out and asked if all this was some kind of joke.
ERIN: Yeah, I remember...
You wanna ask why I reacted so harshly, right?
MELIA: Uh-huh. I've been curious about it ever since, but I thought it would be rude to bring up.
ERIN: So you're taking advantage of this bonding experience to interrogate me.
Heh... That's smart.
MELIA: Sorry, you read me like a book. But it's still the truth.
ERIN: Alright, I'll bite.
I freaked out because... You scared me.
MELIA: I scared you?
ERIN: Ever since I was a little girl, I've had a recurring dream.
In the dream I'm at what looks to be a fashion show.
It's my turn to walk down the runway, but that's where things get weird.
The dress I wore was the very exact one I first saw you in.
MELIA: That's all? Erin, I'm sure that dress is really common.
Nothing to get all freaked out about.
ERIN: ...No, not quite. In the dream, the dress had a subtle "E" stitched on the front.
And when I mean subtle, I mean almost impossible to notice unless you know where it is.
When I saw you that day, I saw the "E" immediately.
MELIA: That is... very weird.
ERIN: Coupled with the fact, that... Well.
In my dream I have my natural hair color.
Which is blonde.
So when I looked at you, I thought I saw myself.
That's why I freaked.
MELIA: Oh...
ERIN: But then I heard you speak and said, "There's no way I'd have such an annoying voice".
MELIA: Haha, very funny.
ERIN: So now that I answered, allow me to take advantage of the situation...
MELIA: It's only fair. Ask away.
ERIN: Will you guys...\| leave when this is all over?
MELIA: Huh? You mean when we defeat Team Xen?
ERIN: Yeah... When everything's over, will you guys leave?
MELIA: ...To tell you the truth, I haven't really thought of what would happen after all this.
I suppose we'd all go our separate ways.
We're only traveling together like this because we're trying to stop Team Xen whenever we can.
ERIN: I... I see.
I'm going to tell you something, but I want you to promise you won't say it to everyone else.
A little before Aelita came into my life, and everything was thrown into chaos...
I planned on killing myself.
MELIA: E-Erin!
ERIN: There was no one in this world that cared about me.
I was drifting along with no purpose. I felt as though the world would be better off if I had just disappeared.
All I had was old man Souta, and I don't think he cared for me one bit.
When his business was up, he gave \PN their badge and left without saying goodbye.
What were those years I've spent with him then? Did they mean nothing?
MELIA: Erin, of course they meant something.
Why would he look after you if there wasn't anything?
ERIN: I don't know. I don't know what I'm supposed to feel.
And every time I try to make a new friend, I'm always just so bitter towards them.
But I can't help it. I can't shake the irrational fear of everyone leaving me.
With you guys though... It's different.
That anxiety I have about being lonely disappears.
When I contribute to an investigation, it feels like I'm actively being useful for a good cause.
I feel like I have a purpose. Something worth living for.
People... I care about.
MELIA: Erin!
I promise, no matter what... We'll never leave you!
Aelita, \PN, Huey, Lavender, Venam...
Even if we've only been friends for a short time, we'll never leave you because we cherish you as a friend.
You're a part of our group now. A cherished member.
ERIN: I'm... glad.
MELIA: I'm glad you're my friend.
???: My lovely children,\| how I adore you. No matter what, remember this feeling.
Through your sadness, my warmth will bring you hope.
Remember me. Remember me. Don't forget.
ERIN: That was...!
MELIA: Then you heard it too?! Does that mean you also remember...
ERIN: That voice... I know who it was...
ERIN/MELIA:\ts[1]\c[6] It was our Mother!
Terajuma doesn't have a nice library like this. It's quite sad...
HIKER: Hey, I'm here to learn about mountains. What about you?
MELIA: I'm here to learn about noneya.
Noneya? What's Noneya?
HIKER: What in the world is a Noneya??
MELIA: Business.
MELIA: Sigh... If only things didn't go the way they did...
Oh, hello \PN. Sorry, I was contemplating things.
Just thinking about the past. I guess that's something that happens to someone sooner or later.
ERIN: There's a lot to think about... I'll need some time to myself.
ERIN: Give me a moment. I'm writing down my thoughts in my notebook.
Alright, what's up?
ERIN: Why are you looking at me like that?
MELIA: I-It's nothing, I just wanted to tell you that I found the "truth" about that box.
ERIN: Excellent, before that, can I ask you a question?
You know what? I'm going to ask anyway.
When we travelled through time-- That was the past, correct?
MELIA: Yeah, I'm positive about that.
ERIN: Why are you sure about that? Is it because Spacea and Tiempa told you it was?
MELIA: I mean, yeah, but the whole thing with Sheridan and Vivian...
ERIN: I see... If that's the case, then things are starting to fall into place.
MELIA: You figured something out?
ERIN: I think I figured something out for a while now.
I just needed a bit more info before I could confirm it for myself.
Of course, nothing's -really- confirmed, it's mostly just conjecture, but...
MELIA: What it is it then? Tell me!
ERIN: Not a chance, I'm not going to say a thing until I'm 100% sure it's correct.
Besides, if I just told you what I thought, you'd just blindly follow what I said.
Get your own theory before looking at mine.
MELIA: I'm assuming all your thoughts are in that notebook?
ERIN: You've assumed correctly, but don't even think about looking.
I'll be taking that.
ERIN: Now, about that "truth" you mentioned before?
MELIA: We have to come back here with those two "Nightmare Medallions" at midnight.
ERIN: Midnight, huh... Alright, guess we gotta be here at that time then.
MELIA: But how? I heard the library is closing tonight.
ERIN: What? This library is usually open 24/7... That's weirdly inconvenient.
Whatever, we'll just hide here until everyone leaves.
MELIA: Where are we going to hide?
ERIN: Heh... Leave that to me.
I'm ready
Give me a sec...
[Map260]
\PN found 30 coins!
Huh? What do you want? I'm trying to score a point here!
Wh-What? What is your problem?!
Now I lost, thanks!
Sorry but this back room is only for students. I can't let you in.
REINA: Oh yeah! I'm so damn good at this game!
HUEY: Hey no fair! It's clear you've played volleyball before...
REINA: What's that sound? It's the sound of a soreeee loseeerrr!
Reina got ten, Huey and \PN got ZERO!
Zero, zero, I'm a duckin' hero!
HUEY: D-Duckin'?
REINA: Oh, yeah. I almost swore, didn't I? My lips are sizzling from the spiciness!
Besides your team had two players and it was only me on my side!
HUEY: Man, whatever. I'm done with this game...
REINA: Really? Sigh, alright. I guess that's fine.
It was fun, though. We should play again sometime, Huey.
HUEY: ...Yeah, "fun". Fun for you, maybe.
REINA: Okay, okay... If you guys aren't having fun then I guess this game is over.
Let's head on out!
Welcome to the Grand Dream Casino!
You can buy coins, and win fabulous prizes~!
Coins can be purchase at 50 for $1000 or 500 for $10,000.
\G\CNWould you like to buy some coins?
Thank you very much!
I'm afraid you don't have the cash. Please come back soon!
Enjoy the games!
It seems as though you don't have a coin case. Please return when you obtain one!
Thank you! We hope you've enjoyed the Onyx Arcade experience!
I'm sorry, it seems you don't have the necessary coins for that prize yet.
50 Coins/$1000
500 Coins/$10,000
No Thanks
Slugma- 800 Coins
Nidoran M- 3,000 Coins
Shinx- 5,000 Coins
Nothing
[Map261]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
VENAM: ...
KARRINA: Okay you two, this is it. If the reports are true, then there should be a Xen Admin couped up in here.
If we can get rid of them, it may be enough to drive out all the Xen Grunts from East Gearen.
???\ts[1] Huehuehuehuheuheuhhue...
KARRINA: The reports must be true... That laughter can't be from a sane individual!
REN: Y-Yeah, let's get this over and done with!
BLITZLE: Bliiza?
Do you want to give Blitzle a Gourmet Treat?
...
Blitzle wants to play with you!
Play with Blitzle?
Blitzle charged towards you!
Blitzle wanders around aimlessly.
It doesn't seem to notice you.
KARRINA: Well, that was a false alarm...
REN: What a waste of time!
We could've been on our way to Sheridan to save Melia from Team Xen!
VENAM: Wait, what's going on??
REN: Ergh, I'll explain it to you on the way to the train station. C'mon!
KARRINA: Hmph... That should've bought an ample amount of time for--
Um, anyway, I'm sorry this didn't turn out to be what I thought it was.
Here, take this. It's the least I can do.
KARRINA: Good luck with saving Melia. I hope for the best outcome.
Oh, and whenever this is all done, come back and visit me at my house.
I have a mission for you that might tickle your fancy. Good luck, again!
The doors are locked, but you can hear a loud screech and hysterical laughter behind it.
LITTEN: Mrow!
Litten is loafing around.
Do you want to give Litten the Gourmet Treat?
Litten enjoyed the Gourmet Treat! Now it wants to play with you!
Do you want to play with Litten?
Litten attacked!
Litten leaves you alone.
Looks sort of hungry...
This gate is locked shut.
Use the Dull Key?
You left the gate alone.
REN: The Abandoned Factory... I haven't ever seen what the inside of this place looked like.
Yes
No
[Map262]
Save the officer!
VENAM: There's Maria... It looks like she's encased in some type of crystal.
I can't even reach her from where I am...
If we break that crystal, she's just going to fall into the abyss below.
C'mon, Venam. Think... THINK...!
<o=175>ANATHEA: Perhaps I can free her from the crystal?</o>
???: You all just don't know when to quit, do you?
GARDEVOIR: Did you really think you three snuck down here undetected?
I merely allowed you all to be witnesses to Indriad's glory.
VENAM: Why isn't anything ever goddamn easy in this world?
VENAM: Wait a minute... You said... Can you-
GARDEVOIR: See Anathea? Of course I can see her.
Only people with a close connection with Anathea can see her in this form.
<o=175>ANATHEA: Gardevoir... if I may ask you a question? </o>
GARDEVOIR: I don't see why not? Ask away, worm.
<o=175>ANATHEA: How long has Vitus continued to work with this cult?
<o=175>I thought I ended things when we got married. He promised to end this...</o>
VENAM: Anathea... You knew all this about him?
<o=175>ANATHEA: I discovered this side to him long before we married. I begged him to stop.
<o=175>He looked me straight in the eyes and told me he would... But he lied to me. </o>
GARDEVOIR: No, that's not correct. It seems you're on the wrong path, Lady Anathea.
There's no doubt that Vitus was lost. He had no intention of continuing what he left behind long ago.
But it seems like with your death and a little help from me, he was able to see things clearly once more.
With you out of the picture... Everything will fall into place accordingly.
VENAM: Stop talking! We're getting Maria out of here no matter what!
GARDEVOIR: What makes you think you'd stand any chance against <i>me</i>?
I even engaged in battle with \PN a while back, and even then, I was barely scratched.
If only a fraction of my power was necessary to stand even with \PN, then imagine what would happen if I went all out!
VENAM: We don't have a choice but to stand up to you... If we don't-
GARDEVOIR: Oh, but you do have a choice!
I will give you the choice of leaving here unscathed.
However, refuse my offer and I will release Maria from her prison.
She will fall into the abyss and fall to her death.
VENAM: Wh-What? Y-You're bluffing! There's no way you'd do something like that!
GARDEVOIR: Are you able to take such a chance?
Don't underestimate me, worm. I will do what needs to be done.
VENAM: Urgh...
<o=175>ANATHEA: Gardevoir, stop this!</o>
GARDEVOIR: I will not! Anyone who gets in Master Indriad's way will feel my wrath!
VENAM: Let's... Let's just leave.
<o=175>ANATHEA: But what about Maria?! </o>
VENAM: I know! It sucks but we can't risk her doing anything here...
This won't be the end I promise, so let's just retreat for now!
GARDEVOIR: Hmph... Did you know that I'm awful at keeping promises?
Sorry, but I've decided to end you here. There's never really ever a choice, right?
Goodbye you wretched fools!
<o=175>ANATHEA: Nooooo!!!!! </o>
GARDEVOIR: A-Ack...!
GARDEVOIR: L-Let go of me this instant, Anathea!!!
VENAM: Anathea possessed Gardevoir?!
GARDEVOIR: Vile wench... Know your place! Unhand me this instant!
Graahhhhh!!!
<o=175>ANATHEA: All of you, leave now! </o>
VENAM: B-But-
<o=175>ANATHEA: If you all die here, then there won't be anyone left to save Maria...! </o>
VENAM: I... I understand. We'll leave. \PN let's book it!
Maria... Forgive us. We'll be back for you!
VENAM: This is insane... Are you seeing this \PN?
There's one officer and the other three are nowhere to be found.\| With a Magma Pit.
Gardevoir and Indriad really "got rid" of the other ones.
VENAM: We should lay low and be quiet. Let's see what's going on here first.
The officer isn't this way!
VENAM: This is so creepy... He's doing that ritual garbage he did back at the mansion.
VITUS: You all may have once known me as Vitus Theolia.
The man who gave you all a second chance at life, a true purpose!
This man has left us today.
Thus, a new being is born. One that has ascended the limitations of a human.
I am Indriad.
VENAM: There it is... Goddamnit.
INDRIAD: A grave sin was committed today at my very home, the Marble Mansion.
An officer sent by Thomas Blakeory tried to silence me. To remove me.
The one that stands before us is the one who took away the woman I loved.
INDRIAD: Anathea Theolia!
My sweet, dear Anathea. I tried to protect you from the evils from the outside.
But in my hubris I've allowed you to slip through the cracks and escape my clutches.
GARDEVOIR: Do not worry, Indriad. Arceus shall take her and protect her now.
Let the ceremony begin.
Arceus! Capremdum Garuganisu oru'ma'!
A'd seberus L'orufogeo!
GARDEVOIR: It is done. Her body and soul have been cleansed.
INDRIAD: Now, let us introduce a new member into our ranks.
Come forth, Kanon!
VENAM: Kanon?! What is Kanon doing down here?!
Oh for the love of... You've gotta be shitting me.
KANON: Thank you for welcoming me here, sir.
INDRIAD: Hmph. You too have seen the evil this world brings forth? Is this your reasons for joining?
KANON: That it is, sir. I wish to protect people I love. That is my goal.
INDRIAD: There's no harm in that. It's a wish we all want.
GARDEVOIR: It's a noble thing to wish for. Security, friendship, or perhaps love?
KANON: No Ma'am. It's not about-
GARDEVOIR: A dishonest one. You lie to us and to yourself.
Be it as it may, we'll entrust you with a very important task. This will bridge our trust in each other.
GARDEVOIR: Take this.
KANON: This is?
GARDEVOIR: It's an orb that has a very powerful explosion compact inside.
A blast that is capable of ruining kingdoms.
Kanon received the Destructive Orb!
KANON: An explosive device... What do- Or rather, where do you want me to use this?
GARDEVOIR: Kugearen City has been a plague to this Earth since its construction.
Take this orb there, crush it, and the entire city will be engulfed in its blast.
KANON: Kugearen City will be destroyed?! What about the people who reside there?
GARDEVOIR: They will all die painlessly. It's a necessary step for us to succeed.
KANON: This is interesting, if not a tad bit funny.
GARDEVOIR: I fail to see what's so humorous about this.
KANON: The hilarity comes from...\| Your stupidity.
KANON: Hmph... \c[6]It's just like the woman in the mask said... You all were up to no good!
GARDEVOIR: ...? Lady in a mask? What are you blathering on about?
KANON: She appeared to me months ago. She told me that you all were the cause of the future destruction of this world!
The horrors that I and many other people had to endure... I'll never let them experience that!
GARDEVOIR: So... What you're saying is that you wasted our time?
KANON: You can see it that way. Either way, prepare to be obliterated by my power!
SALAMENCE: Saaal!
GARDEVOIR: Mm.
This is very unfortunate. Yes, very unfortunate. I saw potential in you.
But potential means nothing if it's not used. Begone!
KANON: No... Salamence?! But... How?!
GARDEVOIR: Truly pitiful.
VENAM: Kanon!
GARDEVOIR: Kanon is an example of what happens if you dare to betray us.
Any further insolence shall be given the same punishment. No questions asked.
INDRIAD: Hmph.
GARDEVOIR: Who will be brave enough to rise to the occasion and fulfill our mission?
MAID: I would like to fulfill that task. Please allow me to.
GARDEVOIR: Good. The mission shall be carried out exactly as described before.
INDRIAD: Once the orb is crushed, you will be warped back to safety.
MAID: Understood. I shall make my way there now.
GARDEVOIR: Finally, we shall punish the final offender.
OFFICER: N-No! Please! I'm sorry! Forgive me!
VENAM: ...What do we do? Save that man, or do we save Maria? Do we have time to do both...
VENAM: Anathea, you're back!
<o=175>ANATHEA: Maria is in danger... We can't leave her here any longer! </o>
VENAM: I understand what you're saying. But we can't let that other man die here too!
Yeah what he did was disgusting, but he should live to man up and go to jail.
If he dies then it's all over for him... But... If we leave Maria alone...
\PN! I need you to help me here. What should we do?!
VENAM: Yeah, you're right. Maria is our top priority right now.
I pity that officer, but karma always strikes. If we have time, we can try to save him too.
VENAM: Yeah, what he did was shitty, but burning alive like that is totally inhumane.
<o=175>ANATHEA: What about Maria!? </o>
VENAM: I didn't forget about Maria. I'll go get her while \PN takes care of the officer.
How does that sound?
<o=175>ANATHEA: Very well...</o>
Maria isn't this way!
VENAM: It's no use, she won't move!
Can't untie him while drifting!
OFFICER: Please untie me...
OFFICER: Thank you so much... I owe you my life.
GARDEVOIR: If you thought you all were under my radar, you're sadly mistaken.
GARDEVOIR: It seems we have a few rats running about.
GARDEVOIR: What's so important about this human? He has committed a grave sin and must be held accountable.
OFFICER: Please... I want to atone for my sins. I will gladly turn myself in, just please let me go...!
GARDEVOIR: Stop being childish. This is your atonement.
Out of respect of our prior battle, I shall allow you to leave. But the man stays here.
OFFICER: Please don't! Don't leave me here with them!
GARDEVOIR: What do you think will happen if you don't leave?
I let you go before, but this time I won't be so kind.
Be a smart person and leave.
OFFICER: I know what I've done is wrong, but this is cruel...
I said I was going to turn myself in...
GARDEVOIR: Do you think this is a joke? If one isn't left behind, both of you will be eliminated.
OFFICER: \PN won't leave me! Stop trying to convince them!
GARDEVOIR: I don't have time for this. This is my final offer. Leave. Alone.
GARDEVOIR: \PN you are as stubborn as you are idiotic.
If you want to bask in oblivion, then so be it. I am more than happy to grant you that wish.
VENAM: Sorry, but oblivion is something we're just not interested in!
VENAM: You're an evil witch, Gardevoir. As long as I'm here, you won't get to do what you please!
GARDEVOIR: And what exactly changes with you here? Absolutely nothing.
You'll just meet the same fate as everyone else who dare to get in Master Indriad's way!
VENAM: Charizard, Heat Wave!
GARDEVOIR: How embarrassing.
VENAM: Goddamnit, Charizard! I know I'm not Amber or Tesla, but if you don't listen then you'll be destroyed too!
Just suck it up and use Heat Wave to generate a smokescreen! C'mon!
CHARIZARD: Charuwa!
GARDEVOIR: ...
INDRIAD: Do not frustrate yourself over trivial matters such as them.
GARDEVOIR: We'll see them again soon enough.
INDRIAD: Correct.
GARDEVOIR: \PN, Venam. I will have my revenge.
GARDEVOIR: Glad to see that you're compliant.
OFFICER: But... Why? How could you just let her-
GARDEVOIR: And now for \PN...
What? Are you confused?
I never said I'd let you go. Especially after what you saw in Kugearen Woods.
I won't let you tell Indriad the truth. He won't be blinded again.
You just sacrificed this officer's life hoping it would save your own.
But sometimes things just don't go the way you want them to, you know?
Goodbye, \PN.
VENAM: Psst, \PN, this way!
Save Maria.
Save the Officer.
I refuse.
Fine...
I won't leave you.
Sorry.
I won't budge.
Bye Officer.
[Map263]
I'm working on a very special invention of mine, but it requires an Upgrade...
If you give me an Upgrade, I'll give you my special invention!
Yay! This is just what I needed! Here, please take this!
Hm? It doesn't look like you have an Upgrade...
Thanks for that earlier! I kinda need another one for another though. Mind chipping in again?
I'm out of projects for now! You've been an amazing help, thanks bud.
PokeMarts always have what I need! Their stock depends on the area.
Fine.
Pass.
Sure.
[Map264]
MEECH: Swuup!
"Gadget Room."
FROSLASS: Froooa?
Building the small residential district in the city was a real headache.
Buuut, I think the outcome was worth it. My mom has a place down there!
AZERY: In my opinion, the more suffering a trainer experiences during battle, the better.
ALEX: No.
AZERY: Just a little bit of suffering?
ALEX: Maybe.
AZERY: Good.
ZUMI: Hey, thanks for helping me out before, \PN!
Guess I should get back to my actual duties now, huh?
Hope you liked the character art this version. I worked really hard on it!
Haha, no need to look at me like that \PN. I'm sure someone you know may get what I'm talking about.
CASS: Yeah, I'm just trying to make things work.
By the way, that's Meech.
CASS: Okay, what broke today...
Ugh, what do you MEAN \v[109] is broken?!
I JUST fixed that.
CASS: Okay, what broke to-
AZERY: Cass! Yesterday's fixes got reverted!
CASS: ...ugh.
...wait, MY dialogue!?
That's ridiculous. How on earth is my dialogue supposed to break?
...
Meech, you gotta cover my words for a little bit.
CASS: There's a good girl.
CASS: Hey, look, there's only so many self-switches I get, okay?
I'm not an infinite fountain of words.
Go talk to Meech.
WINTER: I'm working on creating different forms of advertisements we could use to plaster around the city.
My Volcarona has a way with art, you know? It's an artist!
Huh? Are they just letting anyone down here these days?
Honestly, I can't understand Jan. What is he thinking?
ALEX: Have you ever thought a Gym Leader was too hard or too easy?
Azery and I record all the stats taken from battles that include our Leaders.
Using that data, we can declare whether or not a Gym Leader is over or under performing.
A few months ago, Talon was far too strong. He was almost unstoppable.
We told him he had to bring it down a notch.
JAN: \PN, it's good to see you again.
It's unfortunate that we have to meet in such a place like this.
ADRIENN: But it's necessary. I don't know what we just saw, but...
There really is no other way to explain it. That Xen Grunt completely vanished in front of us.
JAN: This is what happened.
ADRIENN: Everything's set to go?
JAN: Things should be ready to go, yep. We doing this thing now then?
ADRIENN: I'm here, you're here... I don't see why we wouldn't.
JAN: Okay, then let's begin.
I'm not really good at these interrogations, so you'll have to help me out here.
ADRIENN: Very well, I shall try my best.
Hey,\| you,\| yeah you.\| There's no one else around to help you.
Have you noticed anything special about this room?
It's special because it was built to get people like you to talk.
There are lasers, water conduits, floor heating-- not the good kind--, and numerous other methods scattered here.
Personally, I don't really approve of any of these, but if we have to use them, we will.
GRUNT: ...
ADRIENN: Quick and painless. That's what all this can be.
GRUNT: I don't want to talk, so I won't.
ADRIENN: Hmph, that's disappointing.
Wait a minute... That suit you have on. Did you repair the wing?
ADRIENN: Still not talking, huh?
ADRIENN: Jan, what's up with the wing?
JAN: This is going to sound weird, but it's the truth.
The wing you busted back at the park grew back.
ADRIENN: What are you talking about? The wing is made of metal. It can't just grow back.
JAN: Take a look at the security camera footage. It's all there.
ADRIENN: This is unbelievable...
The wing actually is regenerating! But how is that possible?
Steel is reforming as if it was-
JAN: Part of an organic body, that's right. If you look at him, it's easy to realize that he's suffering.
Regenerating his suit is taking a physical toll on his body.
But if it's just a suit, why would it affect him like that? That doesn't make sense.
ADRIENN: You don't think that it's...?
JAN: Who knows...
ADRIENN: We tried a few things. It was a bit rough, but eventually we've done all we could.
ADRIENN: This is getting nowhere. His determination to be silent is strong.
It's like he's already given up. There's no hope for him.
JAN: Is that really the case, or is that a front?
ADRIENN: His actions are definitely implying the former.
JAN: We can see it for ourselves.
ADRIENN: What else can we do?
JAN: This.
GRUNT: Wh-What?
JAN: You can go.
ADRIENN: Jan, what are you doing?!
JAN: I'm letting him go.
ADRIENN: Yes, I can see that, but why?!
GRUNT: Y-Yeah, why? I don't understand.
JAN: We've done everything we could, but you still don't want to submit to us.
So you're wasting our time. You can go.
VOLCARONA: Vollcaaa!
EMILE: Oh, I thought you were Jan.
I'm just playin' some video games because it gets pretty slow around here sometimes.
But again, heh, don't tell him I said that.
RELICANTH: Reli... Reli...
It looks like it's gasping for... water?
Better not go through here...
GRUNT: ...!
What... What am I doing back here? I thought I was... I thought I was outside...
I was freed... You freed me! What am I doing back here?!
JAN: The explanation is quite simple, actually.
Zoroark has the ability "Illusion", and with that ability, Zoroark can create pseudo environments.
They're so convincing that most people can never tell the difference.
It tasted good, didn't it? Freedom?
For a few moments you looked like you were genuinely happy.
Now here you are, stuck in a pit of your own despair when you realized none of that actually happened.
And after you tried so hard to make it look like your conviction was strong...
It only takes a small bit of force to break someone. And you've shattered into a million pieces.
You're spineless, weak, and pathetic.
Give yourself some worth by explaining yourself, and maybe, just maybe that dream of being free will be a reality.
GRUNT: Y-You're so cruel. A heartless monster...
I didn't want any of this... I didn't want to be a member of Team Xen...
Fine, you win. I don't want to be here anymore.
I don't care about anything. Even if you free me after this... It'll probably be too late.
JAN: Welp, that was effective.
Return, Zoroark.
ADRIENN: Effective? Yes. Heartless? More yes.
JAN: We ran out of options. I did what I needed to.
ADRIENN: Anyway, something he said was interesting.
Even if we free him, it may be too late? What do you think he meant by that?
JAN: Well, I have a few theories-
GRUNT: Arghghahh!! Aghhh!
ADRIENN: What's going on in there? Are you okay?
GRUNT: Please no... Oh no... Not now. Please...
ADRIENN: What's happening?! You have to tell us if you want us to help you!
GRUNT: It's too late for me! It's too late for me! It's... It's too late!
She found me... She found me...
JAN: He's... glowing now? What is going on?!
ADRIENN: Jan, open the door! I'm going to go in and help!
JAN: Denied. This is a trap, I know it. We can't risk it.
GRUNT: Aaaaghhhahhh....
ADRIENN: I cannot comprehend what we just saw.
I'm so tired.
JAN: As... As am I.
ADRIENN: So yeah, it's been kind of a crazy day.
So peculiar... I can't say I've experienced anything like that before.
It's like we were witnessing death in a new fashion.
But death is death and it's still disturbing to watch.
JAN: It is what it is. No use in feeling blue over something we can't control.
Please excuse the abrupt end to this meeting. I have duties I must attend to elsewhere.
ADRIENN: Sadly, I have to admit that all of this is bittersweet.
This was all just supposed to be the celebration of Goldenwood Park's grand re-opening.
But it ended up being a little more involved than I would have liked.
Nevertheless, you've completed the task given to you. You deserve a reward.
This is a hefty reward, so I think you'll be happy.
I have to go for now, but I'm sure our paths will cross once more.
"Forest Restoration" help request complete!
WITCH: A mean beauty that works in a kitchen: Bitchen.
ADRIENN: \PN, I've gotten reports of a partnership with Goldenleaf Town.
The Leader of the town, Spector, is on his way to the lab as we speak.
ADRIENN: Speak of the devil.
SPECTOR: Hello there. Great day, isn't it?
ADRIENN: Good day to you too, Spector. Let's get to work.
Now it says here that you are only a temporary Leader. So a reserve, right?
SPECTOR: Mhm. That's right. I'm only in Goldenleaf until Narcissa returns.
ADRIENN: I see. That means you only have limited access to Narcissa's files?
SPECTOR: Actually, Narcissa thought something like this may happen ever since Goldenleaf opened up more.
So she gave me access to all of her files that involves the town.
ADRIENN: Excellent, that means we can get to work immediately.
A bunch of new apartments have opened up on the Residential District.
I think it would be beneficial for both locations if residents from Goldenleaf moved to Gearen.
SPECTOR: I think that would be amazing as well.
Getting people to move might be a different story, though...
ADRIENN: Hm... Okay, well, I think we should take a trip to Goldenleaf Town.
I believe it will be easier to understand what the people of Goldenleaf Town wants if I go there myself.
SPECTOR: Oh... I wish you would've told me that before I came here.
Now I have to walk all the way back...
ADRIENN: Oh, right. Oops.
SPECTOR: I'm staying at Narcissa's house, so we can just go there.
ADRIENN: Perfect. We should get on the road then.
Locked.
GIBLE: Gib?
ROWLET: Rowo... rows rits?
ESPURR: Purr?
It's a sign that says "Don't forget, you're here forever!"
[Map265]
Hello and welcome to the rewards center!
This is where you can pick up any rewards you've gained by finishing help requests.
Are you here to claim a reward?
You have completed the "Generator Problems!" help request!
Here is your reward!
\PN received
Thank you for helping!
You have completed the "House Sit" help request!
You have completed "Hidden Library 3" help request!
... Oh. There doesn't seem to be a reward here.
Well I can't just let your good efforts go in vain, now can I?
So here's a complimentary thank you from me!
Thank you!
...
All right fine, I'll give you a tip.
\PN got 4,000$!
You have no rewards available at this time.
It looks like you completed all of the help requests!
Please take this as a token of our appreciation!
This is the Help Center, we allow trainers to post what we call help requests.
Help requests are bulletins that are posted on the help board over there.
Once a trainer accepts a help request, and completes it...
They receive rewards for them!
So it's basically a general offer of reward.
A request has already been started.
Cancel the request in progress?
Request has been canceled.
These are the available requests.\ch[1,7, Generator Problems,House Sit,Hidden Library 3,No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
This help request has already been answered.
Accept this request?
"GABRIEL: I'll be waiting outside the Power Plant. Please do not take long."
Help request accepted.
You must have completed the Odd House sidequest to begin this help request.
*Playing Helppls.wav*
"KAREN: If your name isn't \PN, stop reading this!
I think I may have discovered something super cool at the Hidden Library!
Y-You remember that, right?! The place we discovered together?!
Oh how time flies~... Momma told me that time was an illusion.
So I hit her in the head with an hourglass and asked if her pain was an illusion.
Momma didn't like that.
Anyways! Meet me in the farthest room located in the Hidden Library. We can talk more there!"
Reward: My presence. \n Will you accept this mission?
"The Hidden Library 3" Help request accepted.
This help request cannot be accepted until Hidden Library requests 1 & 2 have been completed.
Rewards
Info
No Thanks
Yes
No
[Map266]
Though East and West Gearen City share the same name, they're different places with different ownership.
Mr. Blakeory used to own both, but gave up East Gearen when he became bored of it.
CLERK: Wanna buy some exquisite fossils?
I work at the Pokeball factory at the edge of town.
But I've been on paid leave for quite some time now...
I wonder when I'll be allowed back into work?
You want to board the Grand Express?
Sorry, but the train isn't in service right now. Please come back later.
CONDUCTOR: How may I assist you today?
\GCONDUCTOR: A ticket from here to Grand Dream City is $5,500. Is that acceptable?
\GCONDUCTOR: Wonderful, the train shall depart momentarily.
CONDUCTOR: Sorry, but you don't have enough money.
CONDUCTOR: Come again!
CONDUCTOR: Right this way.
They sell rare fossils here that you probably won't find anywhere else.
They're very expensive, though...
MELIA: \PN! Everyone's already boarded! You ready to head out to GDC?
It's pretty far from here, so it'd probably be best to take care of any last minute thing you have ongoing.
MELIA: Great! Let's be on our way then.
MELIA: Okay! We'll wait for you here.
BARBARA: You got all of the virtual badges, right?
Would you be interested in one final challenge? The challenge to end all challenges?
BARBARA: Alright... If that's how it is. Let's do this then...
After defeating Clair, you've decided to take on the Indigo League.
After a long and perilous journey, you enter the building and begin the challenge.
Waiting for you in the first room is Will. He says...
"Welcome to Pokmon League, \PN. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Will.
I have trained all around the world, making my Psychic Pokmon powerful.
And, at last, I've been accepted into the Elite Four. I can only keep getting better! Losing is not an option!"
I... I can't... believe it...
"WILL: Even though I was defeated, I won't change my course. I will continue battling until I stand above all Trainers! Now, \PN.
Move on and experience the true ferocity of the Elite Four."
BARBARA: Would you like to continue, or take a break?
BARBARA: Okay, we'll pick up where we left off whenever you're ready.
BARBARA: After defeating Will, you moved onto the next room. Koga waits for you there.
"KOGA: Fwahahahaha! I am Koga of the Elite Four. I live in shadows, a ninja! My intricate style will confound and destroy you!
Confusion, sleep, poison... Prepare to be the victim of my sinister technique!
Fwahahahaha! Pokmon is not merely about brute force--you shall see soon enough!"
Ah! You have proven your worth!
"KOGA: I subjected you to everything I could muster. But my efforts failed. I must hone my skills. Go on to the next room, and put your abilities to test!"
BARBARA: After you defeated Koga, you move onto the next room where Bruno is waiting for you.
"BRUNO: I am Bruno of the Elite Four. I always train to the extreme because I believe in our potential.
That is how we became strong. Can you withstand our power? Hm? I see no fear in you.
You look determined. Perfect for battle! Ready, \PN? You will bow down to our overwhelming power! Hoo hah!"
Why? How could we lose?
"BRUNO: Having lost, I have no right to say anything... Go face your next challenge!"
BARBARA: After defeating Bruno, you move onto the next room with Karen.
"KAREN: I am Karen of the Elite Four. You're \PN? How amusing. I love dark-type Pokmon.
I find their wild, tough image to be so appealing. And they're so strong. Think you can take them? Just try to entertain me. Let's go."
Well, aren't you good. I like that in a trainer.
"KAREN: Strong Pokmon. Weak Pokmon. That is only the selfish perception of people.
Truly skilled trainers should try to win with their favorites. I like your style. You understand what's important.
Go on -- the Champion is waiting."
BARBARA: After defeating Karen, you move onto the final challenge, Lance. The Champion.
"LANCE: I've been waiting for you. \PN! I knew that you, with your skills, would eventually reach me here. There's no need for words now.
We will battle to determine who is the stronger of the two of us. As the most powerful trainer and as the Pokmon League Champion... I,\| Lance the dragon master, accept your challenge!"
...It's over. But it's an odd feeling. I'm not angry that I lost. In fact, I feel happy. Happy that I witnessed the rise of a great new Champion!
"LANCE: ...Whew. You have become truly powerful, \PN. Your Pokmon have responded to your strong and upstanding nature.
As a trainer, you will continue to grow strong with your Pokmon."
BARBARA: I... I can't believe it! You did it! You're amazing \PN!
Because of your efforts, we were able to compile a humongous amount of data.
As a result, we were able to make this. Please take it.
BARBARA: But that's not all! Please take this as well!
\PN received 25 AP!
BARBARA: But wait, there's more! I have no use for this, but maybe you will!
\PN got a Department Store Stamp!
BARBARA: But wait there's...\| Nothing left actually.
Thanks for your help.
BARBARA: That's it, you lost.
BARBARA: Aw, too bad.
BARBARA: I'm the lead dev behind an online fangame!
It's going well, but I need more participants. Oh well.
This is it! I'm going to Grand Dream City to become a rich author!
Please buy my books when they come out!
Zzz... Jigglypuff is ugly.... zzZ...
I heard you can revive fossils at Akuwa Town.
If you want any of the Pokemon found here you'll need to go there.
Do you have 3 Absorb Bulbs? I'll trade you my Protective Pads for them!
Alright, here you go!
Sorry, but you don't have enough.
It's a cardboard cutout from the anime "White Stone Gunner".
It depicts the character Annie Mae, a cyborg created by a mad scientist who rebelled against her cruel master!
VENAM: So... \|Question.\| \PN, Melia... On a scale from 1-10, how mad is Karrina?
VENAM: Huh, really? That's pretty low. She practically shanked us in Amberette.
VENAM: What...? Way too low! She's a petty woman.
VENAM: Mm... That sounds about right. That punch she gave me felt like a 7.
VENAM: I wouldn't doubt it. She was anggrrry.
MELIA: Personally, I'm looking at an 11. That kick she gave me sent anger vibes throughout my body.
VENAM: Maybe it started out at a 7, and it got ramped up to a 11 after you shot her dead on with an Aura Sphere.
MELIA: It's her fault for attacking us first! That seriously hurt.
VENAM: Hm... Do you think we're doing the right thing? Maybe Karrina should've handled this.
MELIA: I don't think that matters anymore. Besides, she lost to \PN.
If we were as incapable as she said we were, then she would've won.
VENAM: Guess so.
MELIA: I think we owe Kanon, too. His quick movement saved us from an explosive end.
By the way, you guys...\| What was up with that situation?
VENAM: Well...
\ts[1]*\PN and Venam explain the events that happened at the Marble Mansion*
MELIA: How is it possible that this has all happened in one afternoon?
VENAM: I dunno! \PN and I just sorta got twisted up in that stuff.
MELIA: ...
VENAM: Something wrong?
MELIA: Something about that story makes me feel uncomfortable.
VENAM: I mean, it's very creepy and weird. \PN and I had to get outta there before we were torn to shreds by cultists.
I kinda hate how everything ended so abruptly, but there's nothing we can do about it.
MELIA: We just need to get stronger. That's what I believe this test is about.
I often think about how things could've turned out differently if I was just stronger.
If we want to defeat Team Xen for good, that's something we should all strive to improve.
VENAM: Yeah...
MELIA: I can see West Gearen coming up on the horizon... Let's get ready.
MELIA: Erick invited all of us over to play some games and watch movies.
\PN and Venam suggested we invited Amber over. She's still technically banned so we had smuggle her in, oops.
I think we all needed a break to just be carefree for a few days.
Everything... worked out for once. I'm glad for all of my friends.
\PN and Venam both invited Amber over. I think she really appreciated that.
Though she's still technically banned so her being here was illegal... oops.
Unfortunately, everything hit me at once and I needed time away...
I'm sorry everyone... For being so weak.
ERICK: Hanging out with friends is super awesome!
Glad you guys could come over, and it was nice meeting you, Amber!
AMBER: It was fun... Until you totally cheated!
ERICK: Hehe, someone's salty they got 3-stocked! It's okay, though.
After a few more sessions, you may have the chance of killing me at least once!
AMBER: I'm done playing that game. FOREVER. It's stupid.
VENAM: Such a hot head, Amber. It's okay to lose. We all lost to Erick too.
AMBER: He beat all of us! He clearly knows what he's doing and we don't.
The only person who got close to winning was \PN and that's not really saying anything!
ERICK: Ah... This is the life. This is the feeling of winning!
MELIA: You're pretty good at video games, but I bet \PN would whoop you in a battle.
ERICK: ...Eh?
\PN? Beat me? No way! I have an 80% WR. If I keep winning, I'll rank up!
VENAM: Don't underestimate \PN. They're practicaly a prodigy.
We had a close battle all the way back when, but \PN beat me in the end.
MELIA: I'm not a Gym Leader, but \PN has defeated me on multiple occasions.
AMBER: Yeah, yeah, I lost too. There, I contributed to the pity party.
ERICK: Gotta admit, my interest is piqued. Maybe I do wanna battle \PN now.
I AM a Gym Leader, so there's an incentive to do so.
ERICK: Whaddya say \PN? Wanna battle?
ERICK: Great! There's an elevator to my Gym at the Power Plant.
There are seats there if you guys wanna watch.
ERICK: Nu-uh! No running! I'm already too excited!
You guys need to come too! There are seats there for anyone who wants to watch!
AMBER: Sure, I just gotta run there and hope I don't get caught by police.
MELIA: I wouldn't miss this for anything! I'm so excited!
KANON: Could be an interesting display. Something to learn from for sure.
ERICK: Great! Let's get going then!
Trip to GDC
Board the Grand Express
None, bye.
Yes
No
Let's go!
Just a sec...
Continue
Take a break
Weird, but sure.
Get away from me.
About a 5.
About a 3.
About a 7.
About a 10.
You're on!
Gotta go...
[Map267]
MELIA: No... A dead end... I thought that maybe there would be something...
C'mon, Melia... You gotta think! What can I do right now?
ZETTA: She went down this way!
MELIA: No... it's useless. I'm out of time.
???: Out of time? No, I think you have all the time in the world.
MELIA: W-Who said that? Reveal yourself!
MELIA: Huh...? Where did this fog come from?
No... this isn't fog, it's something different.
MELIA: What's going on?!
MELIA: W-Who's there? Show yourself!
???: Ease your spirits, Melia. For there is no need for worry.
???: There's no need to rush, either. We have all the time in the world.
MELIA: What are you two talking about? Who are you?
???: The beautiful woman with the pink hair is I, Spacea.
???: And the woman with the silky silver long hair is Tiempa.
We are here to assist you, Melia.
MELIA: You're here to assist me...?
If you're truly here to assist me, then take me away from this wretched place!
These people known as Team Xen are after me, and they'll be here very soon.
TIEMPA: Did you not hear me before, child? We have all the time in the world...
At least for now, anyway.
This fog is a symbol of our power to stop and manipulate time.
SPACEA: Yes, and as long as the fog is visible, time has stopped completely.
MELIA: We're frozen... in time?
SPACEA: Correct.
MELIA: I'd like you to take me back to Gearen City. I want to go back to my friends there.
TIEMPA: I'm afraid we cannot do that at the moment.
MELIA: Why can't you do something as simple as that, but you're able to stop time?!
I don't want to be here anymore! I'm tired of being tugged and pulled in every direction!
SPACEA: We have other intentions for you Melia.
MELIA: Hahah... I get it. You just want to use me.
Well grab a ticket and wait in line, because it seems that's all I'm good for apparently!
Everyone is just trying to use me. Team Xen, Jenner, you two...
You're all the same to me.
...
SPACEA: While it is true that we need you, we aren't using you in a malicious way.
In fact, we're here to give you a choice.
TIEMPA: If you come with us, we'll make you stronger.
You'll never have to run away. You can always turn around and fight for your own destiny.
SPACEA: You'll be able to get back at Team Xen for everything they've done to you.
MELIA: If I go with you two... What will happen to my friends?
They've had to have figured out that I'm here already.
Once they arrive, they'll have to deal with Team Xen.
SPACEA: Yes, they will have indeed inherit the problems you have left behind.
TIEMPA: But this path is crucial for them to gain strength for when they're needed most.
You will see them again eventually. It is destined.
SPACEA: A storm is coming, Melia. Despite what we've said before...
We don't have an eternity to deal with it.
TIEMPA: If you refuse to come with us, we cannot predict what will happen to you.
SPACEA: All we need is an answer.
MELIA: You two really need my help? I mean, I'm no one special.
SPACEA: On the contrary... This mission is impossible without you.
TIEMPA: So does that mean you'll accompany us?
MELIA: It doesn't seem like I have a choice, even though you laid one out for me, so...
I guess I'll go with you all for now.
And though we've only just met, I feel like I can trust you.
MELIA: I don't know... This all feels very strange to me. I feel so lost.
How can I be so sure that you all aren't trying to trick me in order to capture me too?
For all I know, you all could be part of Team Xen yourselves.
TIEMPA: I don't think Team Xen would leave you with a choice, would they?
SPACEA: We could leave you here for Team Xen to drag you back to their headquarters.
MELIA: But what would that do for you?
TIEMPA: Nothing. We'd just reset and simply try again.
MELIA: Reset and try again?
SPACEA: We need an answer, Melia.
MELIA: ...Sigh... Fine, I'll go with you two.
TIEMPA: Marvelous! Let us get going then!
MELIA: But this doesn't mean I trust you! I... I just don't really have any better options.
TIEMPA: That'll do for now, Melia.
???: If you're going to do this, you should probably do it the correct way.
SPACEA: Crescent... What are you doing here?
TIEMPA: You were supposed to stay in Amberette Town with Irvin.
CRESCENT: Right, but I'd feel much better if I reviewed this process rather than sitting back.
TIEMPA: We did not ask for your assistance, nor do we need it.
CRESCENT: You're right, you didn't ask. That was certainly your first mistake.
CRESCENT: Your bag, please?
MELIA: H-Huh? My bag?
Um, sure, here it is.
CRESCENT: Thank you.
SPACEA: What are you doing?
CRESCENT: It'll all be clear... Just let me do my work.
TIEMPA: ...
CRESCENT: If Melia just disappears, they'll assume she got away.
If that's the case, they'll keep looking for her. Terrorizing any town they come across.
Let's wipe that possibility away, shall we?
SPACEA: ...Is that blood? Where on Earth did you get blood?
CRESCENT: Poor, poor Raticate. Didn't even see it coming.
And for the coup de grce.
CRESCENT: This Galvantula will be our little scapegoat for tonight's performance.
I released its babies around the cave moments ago. So this place will be swarming in these...-
SPACEA: Crescent, this is...
CRESCENT: Smart.
I'm done with what I needed to do, so let's get going.
SPACEA: Uh, yes, let's go then.
Come along now, Melia.
TIEMPA: Hmph.
CRESCENT: Well? Aren't you coming with us?
MELIA: Y-Yeah.
CRESCENT: Your name is Melia, right?
MELIA: Yeah, that's my name.
CRESCENT: Well, Melia, I can tell that we're going to be very close. Very, very close.
MELIA: ...
I'm sorry Ren, Venam, \PN. If only I were stronger.
ZETTA: T-This can't be...!
Yes
I don't know...
[Map268]
MELIA: After everything we've done to help, we failed.
What happened to you both... It was a tragedy.
For Nim:
I didn't know you long, but from our interactions on the battleship, I think we would've been good friends.
I just wish we had the chance to know each other more.
For Dad:
Before all of this, we had a great relationship. We had a lot of fun and a lot of happy moments.
We even had our bumpy moments, but we always came out okay.
This time, it didn't go so well. I'm partially to blame for this.
I hope, from wherever you are, that you forgive me for being stupid.
Both of you,\| rest in peace.
MELIA: Hi \PN... I'm glad you came.
A week after everything happened and I'm still stuck in denial.
I just... I can't shake the \c[6]feeling that things should've gone differently.
And atop of all that, Valarie, Braixen, Adam and Saki are all missing.
It's one thing after the other. It just won't end...
Anyway, I think we should head to Tesla's Villa.
Crescent said she needed to talk to us. We should probably hear what she has to say.
I'm heading there now. Do you want to walk with me?
I think... I think I'd appreciate it if you did.
MELIA: Okay. Let's go.
MELIA: I see... You probably have other things to take care of first.
Alright, I'll head on out myself then.
Hula Meadow is just up ahead. It's a sacred place for Terajuma Island!
YUKATAGIRL: I won't take your apology until you give me 20 Sitrus Berries in return!
YUKATAGIRL: Th-Those are 20 Sitrus Berries!
For you to go out of your way to get 20 Sitrus Berries for me...
You must care a lot about me, huh?
Haha, just kidding. No one cares about me.
I'm just an inconsequential person that is here for no other reason than to give you trouble.
Anyway, I'll just be taking those...
YUKATAGIRL: Wow, these berries sure are quality!
You must be really good at berry farming.
Let me fill you in on a little secret.
That guy you saw run away? He wasn't my boyfriend, hehe.
He's my friend from Johto who came here to learn more about berry farming.
I was actually selling him some of my custom made mulch.
And since you went through all that trouble to make these berries for me, I think I'll open up my wares to you!
If you are in need of custom mulch, I'm your gal!
And it looks like you don't have that amount, so please leave.
It seems as though the Carnivine has left the area. This area is all clear!
Just don't get overconfident!
You don't know what can happen out there.
CONKELDURR: Conk!
It's dangerous to be out here alone! Please, let me escort you to Kakori!
Looks like you don't need my help after all...
Please be careful. Kakori Village isn't far from here.
SAM: Hey, \PN! Congratulations on your win.
The Ranger Center is just across the bridge that's west of here.
The others have gathered there and are currently waiting for you to show up.
ALEX: As for us-
???: G-Gah!!
ALEX: What's going on?
SAM: Ranger, what is the situation?
ALEX: It's the Carnivine!
RANGER: Ah, Captain Alex and Sam! I've located the Carnivine!
I am taking all measures to make sure it's dealt with appropriately.
ALEX: Good job, Cadet! Don't worry, we'll take it from here.
CARNIVINE: Carniii!
ALEX: ...Okay, never mind. We won't deal with it after all.
RANGER: Don't worry, Alex. I'll take care of this Carnivine by myself.
RANGER: Get back here you trouble maker!
You can't run away from me forever!
SAM: Don't do anything reckless!
ALEX: The vines are too dense. We're just going to have to leave it to them.
SAM: Yeah. We should go back to the Ranger Center.
The others are waiting for us.
Thanks a lot you jerk! I finally got him to come out here with me and you scared him off!
I hereby declare that you must compensate me in some way!
In return for scaring off my date, I want you to bring me 20 Sitrus Berries.
That's right, you heard me! I want 20 Sitrus Berries!
Bring me these berries and maybe I'll forgive you.
Who knows? Maybe I'll even reward you with something really nice.
You found them all!
One more left to go!
Two more left to go!
Three more left to go!
Four more left to go!
Five more left to go!
Six more left to go!
Roggenrola doesn't want to go this way...
CRESCENT: Hmph... Idiots.
As if I'd just let you die without finishing your duty.
CRESCENT: I find it extra detestable that you let yourself get to this point, Nim.
Have you absolutely no control over your form?
NIM: Ugh... What? Where am I?
CRESCENT: Turn around.
NIM: Huh?
NIM: Wh-What?! My hair!
What the hell are you doing? Why did you cut off my hair?
CRESCENT: Listen carefully, because I'm only going to go through this once.
CRESCENT: What's your name?
NIM: M-My name? It's Nim...
CRESCENT: Yes, I believe it did go something like that?
You're going to forget about that name from now on.
Your name is no longer Nim.
Your name needs to reflect who you truly are now. Forsaken, alone...
Lorna... I think that's a good name for someone like you.
The forsaken girl. The girl who is alone.
And rightfully so... You've caused so much trouble due to your blatant incompetence.
You don't deserve the right to live by the name you gave yourself.
Because Nim died on top of Valor Mountain. Nim will stay dead.
LORNA: ...
CRESCENT: Now, this is what I want you to do.
CRESCENT: Do you understand, Lorna?
LORNA: ... I understand.
CRESCENT: I'm glad to hear that. Now get out of my sight.
LORNA: ...My name... is Lorna. The girl who is alone.
Nice to meet you. Lorna...
MELIA: The others went on ahead, but I swore I heard something.
Something that sounds just like-
CARNIVINE: Carniiivviiii!!
MELIA: Just like that!
MELIA: It's that Carnivine that's been making our lives difficult!
Why are you causing so much trouble, Carnivine?!
You're not just inconveniencing us, but everyone who lives on this island!
So just stop now before we have to teach you a lesson!
MELIA: Sorry, but you asked for it!
MELIA: We didn't want to hurt you, but you gave us no choice!
CARNIVINE: C-Carn...
MELIA: Don't attempt to run, or Hapi will getcha.
Hapi, it's your turn!
HAPI: Toge?
HAPI: Toge!!!
MELIA: N-Not right now, Hapi! We got a bad guy to catch first!
MELIA: C'mon, Hapi! We gotta go catch that thing!
MELIA: \PN, what are you doing?! Why are you running away?!
You have everything available to you to fight, but you-
MELIA: Oh great, and now it got away. Thanks a lot, \PN!
MELIA: This thing is tougher than we thought... Maybe we were overzealous...
MELIA: Dammit, it's getting away! C'mon, \PN!
No one is allowed to proceed past this point without proper clearing.
That Carnivine is just too dangerous!
ENGINEER: There... Ain't she just a beauty?
We built her right up and we're darn proud of it.
Now people will be able to visit Tyluric Falls whenever they please!
ENGINEER: Hm...
Actually, I don't think I like this bridge too much. It's a tad bit bland.
Let's tear it down and use another type of wood.
Waddya say, Conkeldurr?
CONKELDURR: Kell??!
KELLLLLLDURRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
HIKER: W-Wait, what are you doing..?!
N-No stop!
"Building Bridges" Help request completed.
Excuse me, but no one is allowed to pass here without proper clearing first.
That Carnivine may be ahead and it's too dangerous for common folk! Please move along!
ROGGENROLA: R-roog....
Guide Roggenrola through the Jungle?
Roggenrola joined your party!
???: You just don't know when to give up!
???: We're seriously getting annoyed now, \PN.
GRUNT: Seriously, we told you to stop taking help requests.
Yet here you are, helping out people yet again.
Helping only weakens the receiver.
So just do us all a favor and stop already!
If you won't then you'll have to deal with us!
???: Stop helping people with their help requests. I'm warning you.
Continue on and you'll find yourself in a WORLD of hurt. Just try us!
One as beautiful as you shouldn't be wandering around with a worthless thing like that.
Why don't you walk around with me instead?
I'm far more entertaining than a stupid Roggenrola, right?
CAMERON: Hey, aren't you that person from Gearen City?
Thanks for delivering that letter to me. I wouldn't be here without you!
Why help people out when you can help yourself?
Really? You feel that way?
Sort out your own problems!
ERIC: Thanks again for your help! We're doing really well off!
We feel the way you do.
But do you reciprocate those feelings?
If you don't then screw you!
They call this bridge "Lover's Bridge".
They say if you propose to someone on this bridge, your marriage will be successful.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Vileplume is resting underneath the ground...
Do you want to sprinkle the powder on the Vileplume?
You sprinkled the powder on Vileplume...
VILEPLUME: Vi! Vi!!!
The wild Vileplume attacked!
The Vileplume went back to sleep.
The Vileplume disappeared!
You left the Vileplume alone.
Yes
No
[Map269]
It's a rock covered in ice. Touching it will make you freeze!
[Map270]
GRUNT: Wow, would you look at all of these cool looking rocks!
There are tons of them in here!
GRUNT2: You should check out this display case over here.
There are tons of evolutionary stones stocked here. The boss is going to flip if we bring these back!
GRUNT: I'm so glad we got that intel about Saki being gone, and now we've got that housekeeper out of our hair!
GRUNT: Whoa, could it be?
GRUNT2: No, that couldn't be...
GRUNT: It is! It's \PN!
They really put a number on us on Terajuma Island!
GRUNT2: This time we'll take you down and make off with all these precious gems!
GRUNT1/2: Stand united!
You're not going to stop us!
I thought we had this one!
KALISTA: You may have defeated us, but we refuse to hand over the goods!
So you may as well just let us leave!
???: That was exciting was it not?
KALISTA: What was that?
???: Well it was me of course! I was here watching the whole time. Did you not notice?
KALISTA: What is this thing?
NEVILLE: Not sure, but it kind of looks like...
???: My name is Sakitron! I am model 9:5046 and I am the security measure placed in this house.
\PN and I are already acquianted.
What?? You mean you did not notice my commentary while you were doing pointless tasks placed out by Erina???
Heartbroken! Heartbroken, I say! We shall get closer by having friendly activities!
Activities that I, Sakitron, shall lay out instead~!
NEVILLE: Uh, how about no? I don't have time to mess with a toy robot. I've got a job to do.
SAKITRON: Technically you two are intruders. Which warrants the use of my ultra deadly weaponry!
Plus, participation is mandatory! Any rebels shall be eliminated!
SAKITRON: REBELS WILL BE ELIMINATED.
KALISTA: Neville!
SAKITRON: Any other rebels?
KALISTA: R-Rebels? Where? I don't see any r-rebels!
SAKITRON: Good! Now let's enjoy a nice and friendly bonding time.
Bond with me \PN!
Looks like Sakitron is disabled. For now.
KALISTA: Get away from me!
SAKITRON: Why does Kalista deny my loving gestures? Do you not like a fist to the face?
Or a missile to the pelvis? Stabbing in the eye?
KALISTA: Of course not! No sane person would!
\PN, help me!
\PN attempted to flip the power switch.
SAKITRON: Not so fast there, bub! I have 360 vision!
You shall pay for your crimes! I WILL DESTROY YOU!
NEVILLE: Look out below!!!
KALISTA: Neville???
NEVILLE: W-What did I miss?
SAKITRON: Aa... a a...a .aa a.a.a.... REBOOTING.
KALISTA: Oh no you don't!
Kalista flipped the off switch!
SAKITRON: ...A.a.....a..a.aa.....
KALISTA: ... There, she's turned off.
NEVILLE: Good. Now can we get out of here?!
KALISTA: You don't have to tell me twice. You don't know what we went through just now!
Thanks for your help, \PN, but we're gonna dash right on out of here.
See ya, loser!
ERINA: What in the world happened here??
ERINA: \PN, what the hell did you do? I left a SPECIFIC list of things for you to partake in. SPECIFIC.
...
Omigosh. Is that Sakitron?
Ah... that's what I forgot to tell you about. Oh well.
You are an experienced trainer who is supposed to be able to deal with anything thrown at them, right?
Nevertheless, the house was vandalized and Saki's precious rocks have been stolen as well.
No, no, this just won't do.
I'm sorry, but this will have to come out of your reward deposit.
Let's see... the reward listed was 999,999,999$, correct?
Taking in all of the damages, I'd say that brings 999,999,999$ down to... 5,500$.
You brought this upon yourself and I hope you think about your poor job here. Good day to you, \PN.
"House Sit" Help request completed...
KALISTA: Look around and find something! If we don't we're going to suffer a lot more.
"Dear trainer, this is a list of things for you to do until I get back.
As you can tell, there are security cameras laid around the house. So don't try anything silly!
Now, onto that list. Here's what I've comprised for you.
... It sounds like it's coming from upstairs.
Time to sit down and do nothing.
...Bored?
Feeling parched? Water is the key!
... Refreshing.
A nice relaxing sit by the pool? Sure!
...Relaxed yet?
SAKITRON: Let us have the fun times!
We can do one thing or the same over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over-...
SAKITRON: Oh? It seems as though I need to recharge my internal battery.
You know what they say...
Internal battery dries up fast when you're having a moderate amount of enjoyment with friends.
I shall return soon. Anyone who tries to leave will be listed as a rebel and eliminated immediately.
Do not try and jump off the roof either! I assure you it will not end well, but in a SPLAT!
I have access to all security cameras as well. Do not try my eternal amount of patience.
I will turn off that feature just for you!
Ta-Ta now, lovelies.
KALISTA: \PN, this is our chance! We have to get out of here!
We can't go through the front door, but I have an idea!
There's gotta be a manual on that robot, right? Maybe we can de-activate her somehow!
Meet me upstairs!
Time to sit down and do <i>something</i>.
SAKITRON: Ah, isn't this just exhilarating?
KALISTA: We're just sitting down on these chairs, but all right.
SAKITRON: Yes, this is correct, but we are sitting down as friends who are friendly. Are we not?
KALISTA: I mean...
SAKITRON: If Kali complains one more time she will be seen as a rebel and eliminated immediately!
KALISTA: Eep! I'm sorry!
SAKITRON: You better be...
SAKITRON: Ah yes, a nice glass of water do cleanse the pipes, don't they?
KALISTA: Hey Sakitron?
SAKITRON: What is the question that Kalista wishes to ask?
KALISTA: You should drink some water yourself!
SAKITRON: Water? Me? Consume? This option has never crossed my databases before.
But sure, I shall try the liquid substance.
SAKITRON: Well, here goes.
*gulp*
SAKITRON: Noooo!
The liquid that has been consumed is affecting my internal harddrive!
KALISTA: Yes, it's working!
SAKITRON: I cannot afford to shut down. My internal data is too precious to let scallywags like you have your way with!
Therefore I shall now initiate lockdown and start the self destruct feature I was bestowed with!
KALISTA: W-Wait, don't do that!!
SAKITRON: It is too late! I shall begin the countdown immediately!
5...
4...
3...
2...
KALISTA: Eep...!
1...
SAKITRON: Just kidding! I was merely joshing with you.
KALISTA: Wh-What...
Don't scare us like that!
SAKITRON: Don't tell a robot to drink liquids. You ignoramus.
KALISTA: ...
This is incredibly stupid. I can't believe I'm stuck here with \PN and an over-energetic robot.
I guess it serves me right for trying to break into a house owned by the Blakeorys.
They think they're so cool just because they have a lot of money and a lot of property.
They just think they're cool because they own a huge school, and have a lot of money and....
They're a bunch of crooks that don't care about anyone but themselves. So screw those guys!
You hear that, Sakitron? Screw you, and screw your entire family lineage!
SAKITRON: Wait a moment. Processing... processing...
I have come to the conclusion that Kalista is a crybaby and a weenie.
Congratulations, weenie.
KALISTA: Ugh!
... No more fun for a little while.
It's Sakitron's manual!
Do you want to read it?
"Welcome to the manual of Sakitron! Made by myself, Saki!
Sakitron is a super cool, super awesome robot with maximum capabilities.
She has access to all the security cameras around the house and can control them.
She has rockets and gatling guns at her disposal too! She's so cool!
Despite all this though... she has one weakness. Her kryptonite is the off button on the back of her neck!
Click that and she's going into sleepy-time mode!
Easy as that-"
SAKITRON: You read my diary!!!
SAKITRON: How could you do this? I thought we were homies? G-dog and E-Dog we were!
But you're a no good rat!
YOU SHALL BE ELIMINATED FOR THIS.
YAHHHHH!!!!!!
SAKITRON: Leaving is not permitted! GET BACK HERE.
Sit down and do nothing.
Drink a glass of water.
Sit by the pool in silence.
Sit down and do something.
Drink water in a fun way.
Pool Party but with fun.
Yes
No
[Map271]
DUFAUX: Do my blurry eyes deceive me? Is that them?
Yes, yes... What are you doing here? What's the point in following me?
Leave now, or a terrible fate shall befall you!
DUFAUX: Hold on... Am I being insulted? I think I'm being insulted.
I am not the weenie, \PN! Stop shouting hurtful statements!
But fine, I've warned you. Now you'll pay.
DUFAUX: Smart child. Now get on with it! Shoo fly, don't bother me!
GABRIEL: L-Listen here, demon! You need to leave this place immediately!
Your body is generating too much electricity! If this continues, this place will explode!
DUFAUX: Perhaps that may happen. But I care not.
All I need is to regenerate the energy I've lost after all these years.
GABRIEL: W-Wait... Where are my colleagues?!
DUFAUX: You mean the other people here? Hm... I'm very sorry...
I just couldn't help myself! They were too tasty!
GABRIEL: T-Tasty?!
DUFAUX: I drained their life energy. And left them for dead!
They should be feeling really lethargic somewhere in this factory!
And you two will share the same fate!
GABRIEL: You're going to have to fight this thing, \PN!
If not, West Gearen-- No, the entire region will be without power!
???: You fools! Don't even think about it!
NARCISSA: I can't allow this to continue.
NARCISSA: Just what do you think you're doing?!
You have no idea what this thing is capable of.
GABRIEL: I'm sorry... Who is this now?
DUFAUX: Tch, tch, tch... Narcissa, you just don't know when to give it up!
NARCISSA: The same could be said about you too, you horrible creature.
Everyone, stand back. Let me take care of this.
NARCISSA: Chandelure! Let's go!
DUFAUX: Graahhhh!!!!
NARCISSA: What's wrong, Dufaux? Can't keep up?
DUFAUX: I'm... still far too weak... I cannot continue like this.
NARCISSA: You've made the mistake of underestimating me.
I've been training all these years. I've become the trainer I've always dreamed of becoming.
Now that I'm at my prime, I can destroy you once and for all!
DUFAUX: Prime...? I see...
If that's the case, then I'll just have to bring you back to your novice self!
NARCISSA: What?
DUFAUX: Time for the 'ol switcheroo!
???: What the...?
DUFAUX: Ehahah! This suits you more!
We must part ways now, but we'll meet again-- That, I am sure of!
GABRIEL: I'm sorry, but I'm very confused.
???: Not anymore confused than me, pal. Where am I?
I was just having a nice bowl of pumpkin soup and all of a sudden I'm here.
GABRIEL: What's your name?
???: It's Narcissa. I'm from Goldenleaf Town.
GABRIEL: Narcissa?! How is that possible?
Wait, perhaps what that being said can be applied here.
Could it be that you're Narcissa from a previous time?
NARCISSA: You mean I traveled across time? That's... Uh.
That's... not possible. It can't be possible!
GABRIEL: That's the only explanation. Tell me, do you recognize that Chandelure?
NARCISSA: I can't say I do. I have a Chandelure just like this one, though.
My Chandelure's flames are much brighter, though.
CHANDELURE: Chand...
GABRIEL: I think you hurt its feelings...
NARCISSA: I don't care if I hurt its feelings! What's going to happen to me?!
I can't be in another time... That's insane!
I need time...\| Time to think for myself!
GABRIEL: This is all taking a unique turn, but...
You did send that demon packing. Which was the deal.
I have a feeling that thing will be back, so if I get news on its location, I'll send you a note.
Keep an eye on Narcissa, would you? I'm sure she's very confused right now.
Good luck, and I hope things go well with all this.
"Generator Problems" Help request completed.
GABRIEL: How serendipitous that you would appear before me today.
I was just going to try and contact one of you about our mutual "acquaintance".
And to see that both Narcissas are here and safe is a relief!
NARCISSA: Yes, we're here and prepared to finish this once and for all.
NARCY: You said that you were going to contact one of us?
That means you must've found something useful!
GABRIEL: I've been reading the electrical levels all around the region.
There are three places that are experiencing above normal levels.
NARCISSA: Where? We'll make our way at those locations right away.
GABRIEL: One reading I've found was on Route 3, but that level has been steadily decreasing over time.
NARCISSA: That must've been when we encountered him down in Phasial Cave.
But he escaped, unfortunately.
GABRIEL: I see... The other location is somewhere underneath Grand Dream City...
I have no idea where, but the levels there are off the charts.
In fact, it's so powerful, that I'm not so sure that this is Dufaux, but something greater.
NARCISSA: Even so, we must exhaust all of our options.
GABRIEL: Indeed. Lastly, somewhere deep in Forlorned Cave, Route 9.
NARCISSA: That's where I ended up after Dufaux sent me back to the past.
Alright then, if that's the case then I will go to Grand Dream City.
Narcy, \PN, I'll leave you two to Route 9.
NARCY: Okay, I will leave that city to you then.
NARCISSA: Mm. When you're done we should regroup back here.
NARCY: Okay \PN. Let's make our way to Route 9.
Well, it's more like you'll go and I'll follow. I have no idea how to get there!
GABRIEL: Good luck. Please keep me in touch.
NARCY: Definitely. Thank you for your help, Gabriel.
CHIEF: What's going on here?!
SCIENTIST: I don't know! The levels of electricity keep rising at a dangerously unstable rate!
I can't seem to find the cause of this phenomenon!
The Raichu can't take much more of this!
RAICHU: Rai...
SCIENTIST: What are we going to do?
GABRIEL: What do you mean what are we going to do?
The solution is actually quite simple.
CHIEF: What would that simple solution be?
GABRIEL: We shut off the generator until further notice.
SCIENTIST: That's your simple solution?! Shutting down the power grid of an entire city?!
Chief, I think it's time we send this one back to boot camp!
CHIEF: Nonsense, I believe the idea to be a swell one considering our circumstances.
If the generator reaches a level too unstable then we're looking at dire consequences.
GABRIEL: Precisely. If the electricity levels reach the red margin, West Gearen will become a city of perpetual darkness.
So our best bet would be to shut it off temporarily and work up from there.
SCIENTIST: ... Very well. Let's shut it off.
???: Shut off? Why would one shut off the vessel where the legendary Dufaux sleeps?
DUFAUX: Is this how you treat company?
GABRIEL: Levels are back to normal! Is that thing causing these problems?
DUFAUX: Huuu.... I bet you think your problems are settled?
An electrical implosion is just what I need to finally be restored!
So be a doll and leave me to my sleep!
Can it, weenie!
I'll just leave then.
[Map272]
"Maman's Abode."
TEDDIE: Thank you for saving me!
MOSELY: \PN! This way! Don't take too long!
???: Mosely, is that you? What's with all this screaming?
???: O-Oh... you've brought a guest?
MOSELY: Sure did, and they're not just any kind of guest.
They're a good friend of mine. They helped me, I helped them. The usual friendship stuff.
???: Oh, I see. Well, I appreciate your help.
My name is Maman. I am the owner of this grotto.
Well, you must wonder what "this place" is.
Well, let me ask you a question first.
Have you ever felt abandoned by your loved ones? Thought that your living environment was unhealthy?
Or perhaps, in an angry fit, your guardians kicked you out.
This is a reality that many children have to live with.
Those children wander around the world aimlessly. They are lost.
When they are lost, they are brought here until they are finally ready to leave.
And this is why I call this place, "The Lost Camp".
MOSELY: Yep. I would like you to know that I am the official first member of this group. Bow down!
MAMAN: Mosely, mind your manners.
MOSELY: I know, I know. Sorry, I was just having a little fun.
MAMAN: Mm, that being said. You are welcome here anytime, \PN.
Although, I must ask you a favor.
If you are to find any lost children without a home, I would like you to bring them here.
Simply telling them the location of this area will suffice.
MOSELY: Yeah, it's going to be great! We're going to be one big happy family!
MAMAN: Yes, yes we are. Now, Mosely, you've been gone quite a while.
There are chores that still need to be done. The clock's ticking, young lady.
MOSELY: Bluhhh, I don't wanna, but I'll do it for you, Maman.
CYBUR: Woohoo!
MAMAN: And then shortly after, you showed up.
You didn't know me, but I knew you.
At that moment, I couldn't help but laugh. It's as if our meeting was fate.
You told me stories about how your parents abandoned you.
How they would force you to scavenge for food for them.
Once you even told me they died in an accident when they were young.
You never could get your story straight, but I always knew the truth.
Despite that, I knew that you ran away in search of a better life.
I knew I was the one to provide that for you.
And I think in a way, you reminded me of Franchesca.
You filled the void in my heart, and I filled the one in yours.
Hey! Buy my stuff!
MAMAN: Oh hello, \PN. Do you want to have a word with me?
...
I see you're not much for words yourself. I'll just start then.
You must be wondering what a lady such as myself could possibly be doing all the way back here?
Well, it certainly wasn't to run a pseudo-orphanage. That's for certain.
... I don't want to get into that right now, but I would like to ask another favor of you.
As you can see, this is a very small area.
We can only handle so many guests until this place starts to overcrowd.
I fear that the overcrowdedness of the area will scare away potential guests.
This is something I want to avoid the most.
I could potentially expand the land with money, but that there is the issue...
If you ever happen to have any spare change, would you mind donating? It'll be for a good cause. I promise.
Well, like I said, you're not much for words yourself; so I'll just let you take that as you will.
MAMAN: Hello, \PN. Would you like to donate to The Lost Camp? That'd be around 500$.
This means so much to me, \PN! I can't thank you enough!
MAMAN: Oh! It seems as though we have enough money to complete a slight expansion!
This is great news! Oh, I can't wait. Thank you for all your help, \PN!
MAMAN: I understand. Money is hard to come by these days. I know all too well...
MAMAN: It'll take some time before the expansion is complete. You may not be able to re-enter until it's done.
If there's anything you need to get done, make sure you get it done before you leave.
Thank you for telling me about this place!
Locked.
MITSUDO: Welcome!
Yes
No
[Map273]
ERIN: Souta's waiting for you over on the cliff there, but for what?
That old man loves keeping me in the dark with some things.
MELIA: \PN, there you are! We've all made it now.
I've never been to this part of Aevium before, but it's absolutely gorgeous.
KANON: A land frozen in perpetual autumn. It's peaceful.
MELIA: That aside, is this the place?
???: Yeah, this is it.
MELIA: ...Aelita, is that you?
AELITA: ...
MELIA: You look so different, I almost didn't recognize you...
AELITA: Yeah, well this is what I look like now so deal with it!
You look different too, but I didn't point that out to you!
KANON: There's no need to be rude...
MELIA: No, she's right... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be that way.
AELITA: ...N-No, I'm...\| Sigh, I shouldn't have overreacted like that.
There's a lot different about me that you don't understand.
Please follow me, I'll tell you all about that on the way.
ERIN: Yeah, you've been staring out into nothing for a while.
You ready to talk about it?
MELIA: ...I'm trying to process how I feel, I guess.
Nim saying she wanted to kill me sort of hit me in a way I wasn't expecting.
Mostly because... She's supposed to be dead??
Not that I'm one to talk about fake deaths, but...
At first I was furious, but then it suddenly shifted itself into apathy.
Just another person out there who wants to harm me in some way or another.
ERIN: ...
MELIA: But if I were to run into Nim again, I think...
I would make certain we understand each other.
I have no idea why she wants hurt me, but... I'm done trying to be friendly.
ERIN: I see. Violence can be fun sometimes.
Let's just hold back and hope it doesn't come to that.
You two were friends at some point, weren't you?
MELIA: At some point.
Right now I kind of just want to feel the ocean breeze.
ERIN: I can live with that.
Also, last thing... Sorry if this is too personal, but are you and Venam...?
MELIA: Didn't necessarily think about that, but maybe so.
ERIN: I see... That means we need to work hard on bringing her back.
MELIA: Yeah...
I don't know what we can do, if we can at all, but...
One day we'll find a way.
MELIA: So how was everyone else's day?
ERIN: Pfft.
???: It's been interesting, but I can safely say that it ended in a positive way!
ERIN: Aelita!
AELITA: Hey everyone...!
MELIA: Aelita, you're looking like yourself again!
AELITA: Hey, thanks! Cella gave me fresh clothes and a nice haircut.
I'm feeling chipper and ready to kick some Team Xen butt!
CELLA: As you can see, she's made an incredibly speedy recovery.
AELITA: It's good to be back, \PN! Thank you.
Thank all three of you for setting me free, finally.
ERIN: It gave me an excuse to kick your ass. I think that's enough thanks.
MELIA: We couldn't just let you stay that way, hehe...
CELLA: Isn't there something you wanted to say, Aelita?
AELITA: Hey, what the heck is that supposed to mean.
If you're going to be rude to me the very moment I'm back I'm gonna drop kick you!
CELLA: Settle down, Aelita. Don't forget what you wanted to say.
AELITA: Oh that's right...\| So, I'm leaving!
MELIA: L-Leaving? But why? Where??
AELITA: When I became lost in my own Rift, Vivian spoke to me.
We are now separate beings, but her power has still passed down to me.
To awaken them, I must visit three Springs scattered across the region.
If we're going to fight Team Xen, I'll have to get stronger than ever.
Awakening the power Vivian had inside of me will do just that.
ERIN: This will also be a good opportunity for you to find yourself.
AELITA: I feel like a brand new person, and well, I am!
So I hope me leaving won't disappoint you guys...
MELIA: I'm a little sad, but I understand completely, Aelita.
AELITA: I'll be leaving early in the morning. No need to see me off, or anything.
I'm just glad you guys have my back on this one.
CELLA: No need for tears. Especially when there's a farewell feast to enjoy.
AELITA: Yes! Let's eat! I'm starving!
<ac>\PN, Melia, Erin, and Cella all enjoy a farewell meal for Aelita.</ac>
<ac>The next early morning...</ac>
AELITA: Alright, it's time to get going. Sheridan Village, here I come.
\sh\c[7]???: HEY! WAIT!
MELIA: You didn't think we'd just let you leave without seeing you off, right??
ERIN: If you believed that, then maybe there <i>is</i> something still wrong with you!
\sh\c[7]MELIA: That's right!
\sh\c[7]You got this Aelita!
ERIN: Just don't die out there? It was a lot of work saving you before.
CELLA: Go now, Aelita. We'll be waiting for you.
AELITA: Everyone...\| Thank you!!
I'll make you all proud!
Seems like people are out here talking...
Do you want to listen in?
SOUTA: So \PN finally made their way here.
ELDEST: This can only mean that it's almost time... right?
SOUTA: Yes... everything she told us is coming true.
ELDEST: We're getting to the end of all this, aren't we?
SOUTA: I don't have much time left in this world, Cel.
ELDEST: Souta, you know not to call me that anymore...
SOUTA: Heh... I know, I know... I can't help but tease you just a little bit.
It's unfortunate that things had to go the way that they did.
I really did wish to build a family with you all those years ago.
ELDEST: I suppose that's just what the world has intended.
We can't go back to our youth no matter how much we pray for it.
SOUTA: Yes, we must forget our dreams and protect the young we see before us.
We have to make sure this world is safe for every soul walking on this earth.
ELDEST: What do we do now then, Souta?
SOUTA: We move forward with our lives and act when appropriate.
There seems to be something in this Bamboo shoot!
You left it alone.
Look inside the bamboo shoot?
Komala went back to rest inside of the shoot.
It's Aelita's Dimensional Rift...
It's Aelita's Dimensional Rift. Do you want to enter it?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
MELIA: Aelita was lost inside her own mind, but I think I located her!
CELLA: Very good, Melia! Now, bring them out!
MELIA: Got it.
ERIN: Aelita...!
CELLA: \PN, Erin, Melia...! You've all done it!
Vivian's Madness... Her curse has been successfully destroyed.
Aelita... She's saved.
ERIN: Welcome home, you brat.
ERIN: You ready to go, \PN? We're going to step into the Rift now.
ERIN: Good. Let's do this then.
This'll be a good way to save Aelita and also slap some sense into her at the same time.
CELLA: Please go easy on her...
MELIA: You can do this. Please bring Aelita back to us!
MELIA: You have my full support, \PN!
MELIA: \PN, you're back! ...But without Erin or Aelita...
Are you having a hard time in there?
Let me help you!
MELIA: I've been stocking up on these for a while now...
If you need this extra boost, then by all means...
\PN, you can do this!
MELIA: ...I'm not so sure you were right for this job.
Cella, maybe I should go in!
CELLA: No, I need you out here... \PN, please. I can't hold the Rift for much longer...
MELIA: Sigh... \PN, go back.
Things will be tough, but you'll have to push through!
ERIN: This aura Aelita is embodying... It's greater than it was last time!
MELIA: That darkness... Is that the curse that's got Aelita?
CELLA: That's right.
CELLA: \PN, please give me the cane Souta left behind.
CELLA: Thank you.
ELDEST: This cane has the power of my and Souta's soul.
As one we can destroy any lock. Shatter any chain.
Dispel any damned curse!
Aelita!
AELITA: The truth was kept from me my entire life...
Everything I knew about myself was a lie... I'm nothing more than a freak of nature.
A demon... That's all I am.
ERIN: ...That's what she really thinks herself as?
MELIA: It's not true, Aelita! You aren't evil! You aren't a demon!
CELLA: She won't listen to reason in this state. This is all rage.
Aelita, open your heart!
ERIN: ...Aelita has disappeared!
CELLA: Aelita has retreated within the curse itself, that's all.
But this is what we wanted. The curse has reared its ugly head.
With that portal now open, we may reach down into her depth of mind.
And tear apart the evil that's been deep within her heart.
MELIA: Cella, could this be... A Dimensional Rift?
The power emanating from it is similar to a Rift Portal, at least.
CELLA: Correct. When a human comes into contact with Rift Matter, this is their version of a Dimensional Rift.
For this to be successful, I'll need \PN and Erin to venture and rescue Aelita.
MELIA: Huh? Why not me?
CELLA: We'll need your "power".
MELIA: B-But how did you...?
CELLA: No time. Erin, \PN. Please.
ERIN: I'm fine with this. This is my scene anyway.
Aelita's always needed my help, but there wasn't a real way to do so.
Now I have a direct opportunity, and I won't let it go to waste.
CELLA: \PN, Erin... Thank you so much. From the bottom of my heart.
ERIN: Don't worry about it. \PN and I will save little Aelita.
CELLA: ...\PN.
ERIN: Stop being a baby for God's sake.
Aelita has been with you for how long? Stuck her neck out for you how often?
And you won't even put in an ounce of effort to help her?
You're the worst.
MELIA: Erin, settle down. Let's just do the job, okay?
ERIN: Yeah, whatever.
CELLA: Then let us begin.
ERIN: Just let me know when you're ready to dive in, \PN.
ERIN: Aren't you supposed to be looking for Melia?
Don't make me wait anymore than I have to.
CELLA: I can't hold open the Rift forever. Eventually my magic will break...
And the result may be catastrophic. We must hurry!
CELLA: I won't be able to hold the Rift in this form forever...
If Aelita is released without the curse being destroyed, we may never have another chance.
Locked.
I-I can't do it anymore!
I heard the Kimono Girls were back, so I took their challenge...
I was completely destroyed! I couldn't defeat them all!
I'm going to leave this place... I can't even show my face to anyone around here.
Wah...!!!!
SOUTA: I have unlocked the closet doors in the room adjacent to the one with the Timesplicer stone.
Once you see what's in that room, come back here when you're ready.
SOUTA: I take it that you understand the situation?
Besides being a spiritual healer, I took up battling to get through some tough times.
It seems as though young Talon isn't prepared for battle at the moment.
I suppose that means that I'll be your obstacle now.
Let us do this quickly then.
To the skies!
SOUTA: You know, the other day a child looked at me pretty weirdly.
SOUTA: I wonder...\| Why that was?
\sh\c[7]ERIN: Souta wait!!
ERIN: ...But why?
He just up and left...?
After everything we've been through he doesn't even say goodbye?
Why?
ERIN: I'm... I'm perfectly fine.
I bet he never cared about me anyway. Why would he? He wasn't my father anyway.
Just some child he had to look after, right?
\sh\c[7]ERIN: You shut your mouth!
He mattered to me! And I thought...
ERIN: You stupid old man...
I...\|
CELLA: So Souta has finally passed.
I wish him well in the afterlife. He's suffered a great bit.
And it seems he's left his cane behind...
...
\PN, I'm gathering everyone to meet in my room upstairs.
Please be there as soon as you can, okay? It's urgent.
You sure you're okay?
Let's save Venam!
Welcome back.
Too speedy...
We're rooting for you!
Yes
Nah
No
I got this!
Maybe after a nap...
Let's save Aelita!
Can't Erin just go?
Are you okay?
He doesn't matter.
[Map274]
MOSELY: Maman, are you okay?!
What happened out there?
MAMAN: Ah, Mosely. It was nothing, I just had a dizzy spell.
Everything's okay, see? I just need to lay down for a little while.
MOSELY: No no no! Everything's not okay! This is the third time you fainted this month!
It used to be one faint every several months, but they're becoming more frequent!
Maman, we're running out of medicine. What are we going to do?!
MAMAN: Mosely, please...
You try to act like everything's going to be okay, but it's not going to be okay!
Maman, you're dying and there's nothing I can do about it!
MAMAN: ... I'm sorry you had to see that.
What Mosely said is true. I am dying of an incurable disease.
... And I probably do not have much time left.
But that's not going to stop me from doing what I believe I am destined to do.
In the meantime expansions will be put on hold until I can get myself back up.
... I'm sorry.
MAMAN: I'd like some time to rest before I get things back up and running.
I'm sorry for being weak.
This cabinet has a picture of Mosely and Maman together.
It seems to be a metallic cabinet. It's filled with different kinds of medical equipment and medicine.
It appears to be a bookshelf filled with romantic novels.
It's a binder filled with medical bills from a place called the Hospital of Hope.
MOSELY: What are you looking at me for? Having a quick lunch break is totally doing my chores!
A girl's gotta eat.
MOSELY: M-Maman?! Are you okay? What's going on! Talk to me!
It appears to be a bookshelf filled with astronomy books.
MOSELY: Maman, what's going on?! Stay with me!
MAMAN: Mosely... I'm sorry, but my end is near... I can't hold on much longer.
MOSELY: N-No, not yet! Maybe we can find some other kind of medicine!
MAMAN: ...Mosely. You've been gone for a long time.
Much longer than you normally are.\| You didn't go to Goldenleaf Town.
MOSELY: N-No, I did... I went to the Poke Mart. I wanted to-
MAMAN: You went to the Hospital of Hope.
MOSELY: B-But how did you know that?
MAMAN: Heheh... Mosely, I have a little secret.
I knew who you were, long before we've met here at the camp.
MOSELY: Y-You knew who I was?
MAMAN: Long before I came to this camp, I was a nurse at the Hospital of Hope.
MOSELY: M-Maman.......
MAMAN: Mosely... Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Before you met me, I was a broken and depressed woman.
Destined to die alone... But I won't die alone. I have you, \PN and the children.
You all gave me the joy I never thought I would experience...
Thank you...
MOSELY: Maman! You'll always be my real mommy!
Th-Thank you for being there with me! Thank you for cheering me up when I was sad!
I'll... *sniff* I'll never forget you!
MAMAN: Mosely...
Promise me you'll always be a good girl. N-No... No more stealing, okay?
MOSELY: I... I promise you! I'll be the best daughter ever!!
I'll take care of everyone! I'll be their big sis and I'll teach them everything you taught me!
MOSELY: Maman...
MOSELY:\ts[1] Maman...!!!!
MOSELY: ...
So uh, you saw Maman's room.
Yeah...
She's fine, okay? Don't worry about a thing. She's gonna be okay...
MOSELY: Maman is going to be just fine, so don't worry about her!
[Map275]
MITSUDO: Welcome!
Locked.
DYLAN: I see spirits...
"Maman's Abode."
TEDDIE: Thank you for saving me!
Hey! Buy my stuff!
MAMAN: Oh, \PN! There you are.
How do you like the expansions? They're not very large, but I managed to build another house...
Hopefully this means my own house won't be as crowded anymore.
And thankfully it'll give the kids some space to run around and just... be kids.
That's all I want to see.
...
Hey, do you have a moment?
How was your childhood like?
Isn't that a question everyone assumes to have a happy answer?
"Childhood is a life of the carefree. Where no one worries about anything."
I think about this sometimes. I say to myself "what a blatant lie". It's such a cover up.
Kids are susceptible to horrors too.
I guess what I'm trying to say is...
I'm trying to create a future for these kids where they have a happy response when asked "How was your childhood?"
That's my mission.
MAMAN: Enough of my ramblings. I appreciate your donations a ton, but it seems this expansion might only help for so long...
If you would like to donate 500$ again, I'd be eternally grateful.
This means so much to me, \PN! I can't thank you enough!
MAMAN: Oh! It seems as though we have enough money to complete a slight expansion!
This is great news! Oh, I can't wait. Thank you for all your help, \PN!
MAMAN: I understand. Money is really hard to come by these days. I know all too well...
Actually, hm. Maybe we should hold off on expansions until we have at least four children.
There's no use in expanding if there's no one to appreciate the expansions!
MAMAN: Like before, the expansion might take some time...
If there's anything you want to get done before you leave, you must do it now.
CYBUR: Woohoo!
MATTHEW: While I was coming here I found some cool stones. Want some?
Thank you for telling me about this place!
Yes
No
[Map276]
I'm finally saved from that horrible place! Thank you!
MARISSA: Maman won't be forgotten!
ALISHA: Maman is so kind and pretty!
ALISHA: Will Mosely be able to take care of us...?
JAMES: We're so happy you found us!
JAMES: I'm gonna go grow big and strong for Maman!
[Map277]
Hey! Buy my stuff!
CYBUR: Woohoo!
MATTHEW: While I was coming here I found some cool stones. Want some?
Thank you for telling me about this place!
MITSUDO: Welcome!
MAMAN: \PN! There you are!
With your donations I've been able to complete the next planned expansion.
Now the kids have something they can use for entertainment.
Mosely's Pangoro seems to have started helping as well. I cherish those two.
... Hm...
\PN, do you have another moment?
To you, what does the word "parent" mean? "Mother and Father?"
Do they have to be related to you to be that, I wonder?
My mother died trying to protect me from... others.
I think about her everyday. She wanted to be my mother, but the world didn't agree.
It's the same for all the children here.
I want these children to know what having a mother is like.
Whether we're related or not, I am... I am their mother and I shall protect them as such.
And \PN, if you ever need someone to lean on as well. Don't hesitate to come to me.
I shall be your mother too if it need be. The mother of the new generation.
MAMAN: If you'd be willing to donate more money, we could expand the camp once more!
If you would donate 1,500$, I'd be eternally grateful.
This means so much to me, \PN! I can't thank you enough!
MAMAN: Oh! It seems as though we have enough money to complete a slight expansion!
This is g-... great...
News...
MAMAN: I understand. Money is hard to come by these days. I know all too well...
Actually, hm. Maybe we should hold off on expansions until we have at least nine children?
There's no use in expanding if there's no one to appreciate the expansions!
DYLAN: I see spirits...
TEDDIE: Thank you for saving me!
Yes
No
[Map278]
The currents won't let you through!
RELICANTH: Canthao!
There's a mysterious panel on this tower...
It looks like the Enigmatic Key is a perfect fit!
Use the Enigmatic Key and activate the panel?
A door opened up nearby...
You left the panel alone.
LUVDISC: Luuvv!
GOOMINK: Goomink swim across ocean floor as usual.
Goomink already fight off hordes of stinky Alomomola and Mareanie that Goomink tired!
Suddenly no more Pokemon in sight. Goomink get pretty scared...
And that when it happen...
GOOMINK: WHO THERE??
Goomink already wrestly with nasty Alomomola! Goomink has two badges!
GOOMINK: H.
GOOMINK: EEP!
GOOMINK: CKDLSFSDFHSDJKFSDHFDS.
CORSOLA: Corsa!
???: How dare you interrupt my training?!
I have been underwater for approximately 45 days!
This process was only possible through the sheer strength of my Pokemon!
And what of you? What brings you to the depths of this vast trench?!
Heh... I see. You were sent by the government to kill me?\| Again?
I, Neptune, 2nd member of the Culvier Clan will destroy you here and now!
I'm starting to run out of air...
NEPTUNE: Wait a minute... You're not an assassin? Truly? Well then...
In that case, please take this as a token of my defeat.
NEPTUNE: They say when all 5 shards are brought together, something mysterious will happen.
I already know what that is, but will you ever figure it out? Hm... Only time will tell.
One last thing... Please also take this.
\PN got one stamp!
NEPTUNE: ...I must return to the surface now. My stamina has run out.\| Farewell.
Swim off the side?
GOOMINK: Okay, it was here. Goomink remember for sure!
All we must do is wait for Kowarunagisa to appear!
GOOMINK: OK!\| Goomink impatient.
Kawopudimbo! Goomink and \PN are here to challenge you!
Goomink has TWO badges! Goomink very formidable!
GOOMINK: Kapoopoopingo! There he is! Goomink scared!
But Goomink WILL become hero!
GOOMINK: **Gulp**
KAWOPUDUNGA: Kawwwoooo!!!!
GOOMINK: Maybe Goomink and \PN go home?
Graooh!! It too late! Here come Koranganronpa!
GOOMINK: Goomink finisher!\| Krakapow! \|Krakakapowoa!
KAWOPUDUNGA: K-Kawoo....
GOOMINK: Goomink and \PN did it! We defeated...\| whatever its name was!
Goomink come so far... To think Goomink the same Goomy from a couple weeks ago!
Small and timid Goomink who fail all Knight exams!
They say Goomink no capable of becoming a hero, but look at Goomink now!
GOOMINK: Goomink feel surge of energy! Goomink feel like he... Like he...
\ts[1]\c[6]LIKE GOOMINK IS FINALLY HERO!
GOOMINK: Goomink really did it! Goomink become HERO! All because of \PN!
Now Goomink can return to Kingdom of Goomidra and show the land how strong Goomink become!!
KRAKAPOW!
Let us return to Sashila Village first and foremost!
Yes
No
[Map279]
???: I don't think you realize how much trouble you are.
You've created so many problems. Problems that I've had to solve myself.
Do you know where we are?\| You have no idea. Correct?
Hmph.
I've laid out everything, but you... You continue to change everything.
Because of this ability to change, I've saved you countless times...
All because you're so important to everything. So important, but so careless.
But why are you so important? Who are you?
Why are you interfering with everything?!
MADAMEX: Trying to get an answer out of you is futile. I don't think you know the answer yourself.
I'm going to fix this one again. This time, you'll need to do it right.
We have work to do, \PN. So much work.
MADAMEX: Let's wind it back.
MADAMEX: ...
Defiance will get you no where.
It will only lead you into an infinite loop of suffering!
[Map280]
Got here from Hoenn after 7 hours of travel. I'm going to rest here for a while.
\c[2]Hello, and welcome to the Pokmon Center.
\c[2]We restore your tired Pokmon to full health.
\c[2]Would you like to rest your Pokmon?
\c[2]OK, I'll take your Pokmon for a few seconds.
\c[2]Your Pokmon may be infected by PokeRus.
\c[2]Little is known about the PokeRus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokmon.
\c[2]While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
\c[2]Thank you for waiting.
\c[2]We've restored your Pokmon to full health.
\c[2]We hope to see you again!
\rFirst, you should restore your Pokmon to full health.
\rYour Pokmon have been healed to perfect health.
\rWe hope you excel!
Yes
No
[Map281]
[Map282]
I remember reading about an island in the Hoenn region that disappears randomly.
That island... I want to go there one day!
Floor?
Oh dear, oh my...
I have a trial coming up soon and I'm not sure I'm prepared.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Gosh, I'm so bored of this job, but I need money...
Hey, you! Give me some money!
Give 850$?
Hey thanks!
Hm...you've given me a lot of money...
I guess I can give you something in return...
Whatever, just take it.
Don't talk to me unless you're talkin' cash!
Waahh!! You meanie!
What? I don't want any more money...
What are you doing in my apartment?
I can sue you for trespassing you know!
My mom is a lawyer!
Hello! My Co-worker was outside looking for you.
I'm the Day-Care Man. I can raise Pokemon for you.
Would you like us to raise your Pokmon?
Oh? But you only have one Pokmon with you.
You can't go off without a Pokmon. Come back another time.
Which Pokmon should we raise for you?
Oh, fine, then.\nCome again.
If you leave me that Pokmon, what are you gonna battle with?
Come back another time.
Fine, we'll raise your \v[3] for a while.
Come back for it later.
We can raise two of your Pokmon. Would you like us to raise another?
Very good. Come again.
Ah, it's you! Good to see you. Now, about your Pokmon...
By level, your \v[3] has grown by about \v[4].
Do you want your Pokmon back?
Your Pokmon team is full. Make room, then come see me.
Which one do you want back?
\GIf you want your \v[3] back, it will cost $\v[4].
\GYou don't have enough money...
\GExcellent\nHere's your Pokmon.
\PN took \v[3] back from the Day-Care Man.
Do you want to take back the other one, too?
BONSLY: Bonsliee!!
I'm so glad my mother's a lawyer.
Because of that I can afford to live in a nice place like this!
Oh God... Oh God... I didn't go to work again because I was too nervous to cross the street...
Oh God... Oh God...
YOU WERE THERE WHEN I ALMOST GOT HIT!
I'm always getting hit by cars when I cross the street, even when I check both ways!
Maybe I'm cursed!
Ground Floor
5F
None
Yes
No
14F
[Map283]
It's quite strange to have trees appear with unnatural colors.
I suppose that's art in its own way, though.
It's a Purple Tree. There's a switch in front of it.
Press it?
Invalid input.
FLORA: Sigh, it took you long enough, \PN.
Listen, as much as it pains me to say this...
I'm pretty glad you didn't rat me out to my brother when you had the opportunity to do so.
And like I said before, you are a member of Bladestar. Whether you like it or not.
FLORA: Follow me.
The Botanical Garden is free of charge! Please enjoy yourselves!
The golden trees are from the Goldenwood area.
Have you been there?
It's a Green Tree. There's a switch in front of it.
FLORA: Good job, \PN. At least I know you can follow simple subtle directions.
This elevator will take us beneath the garden and into Bladestar's base.
But before we do...
FLORA: Let's go.
???: \PN you better be in here.
ERIN: ...
FLORA: That incompetent receptionist...
I told her to lock the damn doors after my guest arrived...
FLORA: Erin... it's not what it looks like.
ERIN: Hmph.
FLORA: Listen, Erin, just-
FLORA: Wow, you're pretty fast.
The only way you could've been that fast is if-
ERIN: If I'd known you were going to attack me.
I mean, why wouldn't you?
It'd be pretty unfortunate if I were to leave this place with such information.
FLORA: Hmph...
There's something about you that intrigues me, Erin.
ERIN: Oh yeah? What's that?
You notice things most people don't.
You take in information and process them at alarming speeds...
So fast that you were able to predict my attack by just a slight of hand.
You're an incredible analyzer.
We could use someone like you on our team.
ERIN: Sorry to disappoint, but I don't join teams by request.
I join the team that makes the most logical sense.
FLORA: And we don't?
ERIN: Besides, your uniform isn't exactly my style.
Absol, go!
ABSOL: Sol!
FLORA: Augh...!
FLORA: Cradily... save me...!
ERIN: Absol, Night-
ERIN: Augh...!
FLORA: Tch...
FLORA: Now for the Absol!
FLORA: Huff...That was a good effort, Erin, but I've already thought of every outcome.
Did you really think that I would leave myself in a vulnerable position like that?
I've risked too much to get where I am now, and my Pokemon feel the same way.
Even if you were to take me down now, my loyal followers know what to do if such a fate were to ever befall me.
Meet us underground, \PN. And yes, I mean us.
Erin is coming with me.
FLORA: Are you familiar with these type of trees?
If you've ever been to Route 4 then you should.
They're my creation and I'm quite proud of them.
I do have favorites, though.
My favorites in order are, Blue, Red, Magenta, Purple and then Green.
Did you get that?
Nature is so beautiful...
It can take so many shapes, sizes, color and forms...
You just never know what you're going to get with nature!
It's a Red Tree. There's a switch in front of it.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Flora's in charge of the Flower Parade during the Festival of Dreams!
The Flower Parade is really pretty and cool!
I'm not sure if I saw this correctly, but some of the gates may be damaged in here?
Theoretically someone could slide past these gates and get past them.
Flora is trying to advocate the restoration of the Badlands.
Sounds like a good idea, right?
It's a Blue Tree. There's a switch in front of it.
Are you here for the Gym Challenge- Wait, you already have the badge...?
Why are you here if you have the badge already?
This is so confusing...!
RECEPTIONIST: Excuse me, are you here for the garden, or for a Gym challenge?
If it's for a challenge, it'll have to wait-
???: Um...Excuse me...
FLORA: I'm so sorry to intrude, but \PN is a very special guest.
Please treat them with kindness!
RECEPTIONIST: Oh my! Pardon me, Flora.
Please, \PN. Enjoy your time here!
FLORA: This way \PN!
RECEPTIONIST: What a sweet girl.
La la la...The flowers tell me of your future~!
La la la...Disappear please~!
You're completely horrid!
Floor?
It's a Magenta Tree. There's a switch in front of it.
Yes
No
Bladestar HQ
None
[Map284]
[Map285]
???: It's going to all work out. Please, I implore you to not worry about it.
???: What if something happens again? We won't be around to remedy the situation.
???: If something happened, it would've already happened.
Besides, Erin is out looking for her right now. I'm sure she'll be back soon.
AELITA: ...
AELITA: Um...\| Hello?
ELDEST: Aelita!
Where have you been all this time? You can't just get up and go wherever you like!
Especially after what's happened to you!
AELITA: I'm fine... You don't have to worry about me all the time.
ELDEST: Last time I decided not to worry, you fell into a coma!
AELITA: Everyone keeps telling me that! I know what happened to me!
You don't have to keep reminding me of a mistake I made. I get it!
AELITA: Anyway, I found \PN in the city. They're here with me.
ELDEST: Oh! \PN, so it is you! I'm very delighted to see you again.
I'm hoping you are well, yes?
AELITA: \PN is just fine, Eldest. You don't need to ask them a stupid question like that.
ELDEST: I was just trying to catch up with \PN, is all. That's certainly not a crime.
???: *Cough*...
ELDEST: Ah, where are my manners? \PN, this is Souta.
SOUTA: Ah, it is a pleasure to meet you. I am the owner of the Rose Tower.
Here we offer a traditional Johtonian dance show, while also offering a place to stay.
AELITA: A peachy place. Some may call it a prison.
SOUTA: Hrm, yes... Well, I don't mean to interrupt this heartfelt reunion, but have you run into Erin, Aelita?
AELITA: ...Erin's been staying with \PN in Grand Dream City.
It seems like she's been searching for me this entire time.
SOUTA: She better have been. That's what I sent her out there for.
ELDEST: Which brings me to my first question. What happened out there?
You were going to investigate the wreckage with Erin, yes?
AELITA: Oh, to put it simply.\| I lied about that.
ELDEST: But why?\| Why would you lie to me, Aelita?
AELITA: I lied because everyone here has been watching me like I'm some sort of prisoner.
Don't think I didn't notice. You all are terrible at hiding it.
I felt like I was locked in some ward. No freedom or privacy to do literally anything!
Hah, all it took was one mediocre lie to fool you two.
AELITA: Sticking up with the old farts, huh? That's typical of you.
You always stand in some moral high area, don't you \PN?
Just stay out of this!
AELITA: Oh my goodness... \PN, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean it, I promise...
AELITA: Stop butting into conversations you have no business being in!
You aren't some spectator. Why don't you just leave me alone! Piss off!
AELITA: I...
AELITA: Don't pity me. I didn't ask for your input, \PN.
I know what I did was out of necessity. I don't need to hear that from you.
So why don't you be morally high somewhere else, huh?!
AELITA: Why...? Why did I say such a mean thing to \PN...
\PN, please forgive me. I... I don't know what's going on with me.
ELDEST: We didn't mean to make you feel this way, Aelita.
SOUTA: It was a necessary precaution. We're just looking out for the safety of others and for yourself.
AELITA: ...I'm going to my room. I can't handle this right now.
???: That's it, I've had it!
SOUTA: Ah, Erin...
ERIN: I'm done, Souta. I don't care that she can't be found.
SOUTA: The thing about that-
ERIN: No, you listen to me old man. I'm done looking for that brat.
You know what I think? I think that girl ran the moment she saw an opportunity.
So I don't care. To hell with her and back.
I'm going to my room. The one I was kicked out of. I'm going to take a nap and no one can stop me.
And that's absolutely final.
SOUTA: Erin-
ERIN: \ts[3]Absolutely FINAL!
AELITA: ...Erin.
ERIN: WHAT?!
ERIN: Grraugh!
ELDEST: A-Aelita!
ERIN: You selfish bitch!
Next time you decide you want to make my life hell, you better put in the paperwork first!
Because of you I was homeless for weeks!
And for what? Just so you can run off and do your own thing?!
What did you think would happen to me? I was responsible for your well-being!
I convinced this old bag to let me take you out after days of pleading and then you stabbed me in the back.
Well, I hope your moment alone was great, because it's about to be permanent.
Selfish prick!
AELITA: I... I'm going to go talk with her.
SOUTA: Mm... Even after all this time I still don't quite understand young people.
ELDEST: I don't think you understood even when you yourself was young.
SOUTA: Hohoho...
\PN! Trial one. Go and see what those two are up to.
It would be bad for business if this place suddenly burned down to the ground.
The fire from those two is as strong as an Entei's Fire Blast.
Beware!
ELDEST: Erin's room is on the second floor. You can get there by heading backstage.
Locked.
MELIA: So, how is she??
ERIN: Cella will be fine. She's up there in age, but she's still kickin'.
ERIN: Alright, relax. It was just a joke. Aelita's fine.
She remembers everything too, so that's good.
MELIA: Phew, what a relief. I'm so happy!
ERIN: Cella is taking care of her while she naps, so no visitors.
MELIA: That's no problem. At least she's safe and doing well.
ERIN: Yeah.
Seems like things have finally reached the end with this whole curse thing.
Couldn't be happier, honestly.
MELIA: Well, I guess there's nothing to do but wait for Aelita to become well.
ERIN: I know a good place we can hang out for a while then...
\sh\c[7]HUEY: AHHHHH!!
MELIA: H-Huey?? Why are you here? And why are you screaming??
HUEY: Because I finally found you guys! It took a lot of effort...
ERIN: So, what do you want?
HUEY: Right, um, so they still aren't allowing Lavender to have any visitors, but uh...
Lavender is well and wanting to speak with you guys.
You guys up for a video call? It seems really important.
MELIA: O-Oh! Yes, please!
ERIN: We can do the call in my room. Let's head upstairs.
AELITA: I can't believe I've been that horrible person this whole time and didn't even know it.
This is all because of what happened at the Garufan Chambers.
If I had just been more obedient and listened to the Eldest's words this wouldn't be happening.
I understand why this info was kept hidden from me, but I wish they had more faith in me.
\PN, I'm not unreasonable. I would've understood their intentions.
And now to top it all off... We've been registered for a stupid tournament no one cares about.
SOUTA: Ah... I hear complaining. Child, what ails you?
AELITA: O-Oh, Mr. Souta, sir. I didn't mean to cause you trouble.
SOUTA: Nonsense, it was no trouble at all. I've heard your frustrations.
It is an understandable reaction, but please also realize that we had no ill-will.
AELITA: Yeah, that's the common reply lately. I get it already.
I've said it time and time again. I don't need everyone's protection. I'm capable.
SOUTA: Oh, I'm sure you are, Aelita. There is no doubt in my mind that you are.
However, it extends beyond just being able to handle yourself.
Things that cannot be explained properly.
AELITA: Why can't it be explained, Souta? Why can't anything be explained to me?!
I'm tired of being pulled around and being told "It's to protect you"!
SOUTA: Hm...\| Perhaps it's time then.
So you wish to know everything then? That's what you truly want?
AELITA: Yes... Yes, that's what I truly want.
SOUTA: I see... Then it seems like it's time for my purpose in life to finally be fulfilled.
I believe that you are ready to learn the truth. However, you will need help from your friends.
Please go fetch Erin. You know where she is at the moment, yes?
AELITA: She said she was going to the Dream District to handle things with the tournament.
SOUTA: Ah yes, a peculiar situation. I heard about that from the Eldest.
Anyhow, I believe that further inquiries are handled at Axis High University.
Go and get Erin, and while you're at it, go get Melia as well. She should be at the Hospital of Hope.
Meet me in my room once you've gathered everyone.
AELITA: Yes sir. I'll go get everyone right away. Thank you for this!
SOUTA: It's no problem...
AELITA: Wait a minute... How did Souta know that Melia's at the Hospital of Hope?
Wait, wait, wait... How does he even know who Melia is?!
What is Melia doing at the Hospital of Hope?! Is she okay?
\PN explained everything Aelita missed.
AELITA: Venam has been turned to stone?! I guess that does explain it...
What happened to Venam is a tragedy, but we have no time to sit around and cry about it.
Do you know how to get to Axis High University?
All you have to do is go north of the Central Building and then cross the bridge.
The gate to Axis High University will be right in front of you.
I know Erin told me to stay with someone, but I seriously need some alone time.
Don't worry, if I feel myself starting to go berserk, I'll just run away from people or something.
AELITA: Sigh... Alright fine. I just wanted some alone time.
But seeing as though I'll probably get scolded again, I'll comply.
Let's head north of the Dream District first.
AELITA: We're not too far now. I'll go on ahead.
AELITA: Goodbye.
\sh\c[7]AELITA: We're hoooome!
ERIN: Do you have to shout so loud? You'll wake up the demons under the house.
AELITA: D-Demons?
ERIN: Yeah, they eat pink haired girls when they're too loud.
In fact, I was one. Souta healed my spirit and I became a normal girl.
AELITA: You're just making this up!
ERIN: ...Yes. I am.
ELDEST: Ah, you all have returned! Good! That's good.
AELITA: Eldest, I learned what you wanted me to!
The origins of my mother...
MELIA: Your mother...? Wait, you don't mean...
AELITA: Yes! Taelia is my mother! That's the name my dad used to refer her by...
ERIN: We were sent all that way just to learn about Aelita's mother?
A text would've done just as fine, seriously.
AELITA: But that's not all! I learned something else too...
Hi, Cella.
MELIA: Y-You're Cella?!
ELDEST: ...Hohoho.
So I guess the Meowth's outta the bag, finally.
It's good to see you again, my friends.
ERIN: That's actually wild... Guess it makes sense.
AELITA: I knew it the moment you said you and Vivian were best friends!
And it was confirmed even further when my mother showed up!
ELDEST: Aelita, I...
SOUTA: You've returned... This is good timing.
I...\| I am running out of time.
\PN, there's another room connected to mine. Go there and you'll understand. I will be waiting for you at the cliff side.
ELDEST: Souta...
SOUTA: Yes. I know.\| I know.
ERIN: What's going on here? Is there something wrong with Souta?!
ELDEST: \PN, please do as Souta asks. Everything will be clear, in time.
As for the others. Just sit tight for a while.
MELIA: Understood...
ERIN: Something is up, and I'm not going to "sit tight" and wait around.
MELIA: Um, \PN? Good luck with whatever is going on?
Aelita, would you like to take a dip in the springs?
I've been feeling... stressed out, ahah.
AELITA: Eh, sure. They're pretty nice.
MELIA: If there's still time afterwards, you should come join us, \PN!
AELITA: Yeah, totally!
Don't be so harsh...
Stop being ignorant!
You did what you had to.
I insist we go together
Okay, see ya
[Map286]
Pick your destination. (1,950$ fee)
Insufficient funds.
OFFICER: I'm sorry, but the train going to Gearen City is offline while we investigate what exactly happened on Route 7.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
CONDUCTOR: How may I assist you today?
\GCONDUCTOR: A ticket from here to West Gearen is $5,500. Is that acceptable?
\GCONDUCTOR: Wonderful, the train shall depart momentarily.
CONDUCTOR: Sorry, but you don't have enough money.
CONDUCTOR: Come again!
CONDUCTOR: C-Come again!
I was waiting for the Grand Express to reach here so that I could get back to Gearen City.
But it's taken so long to get here. What happened?
Grand Dream City is a large city and everyone knows that!
Because of this, a huge subway system was created for fast travel!
AELITA: \PN! You decided to come with me after all?
I'm glad I'm still worth your time.
Anyway, let's get going.
All you have to do is go through this turnstyle.
It charges you automatically when you pass it, but I already bought you a free pass.
It'll cost you next time, though.
Welcome to Grand Dream City!
Where the dreams are grand and beautiful!
MELIA: We've finally made it to Grand Dream City after what feels like an eternity!
VENAM: That's because it HAS been an eternity.
I'm just glad the train ride is over. I hate sitting still for long periods of time.
ERIN: Wish I had that luxury. I have to take the next train to Route 9.
I'll see if Aelita made it back home somehow.\| For her sake, she better be there.
But life loves to be unnecessarily difficult, so she won't be.
MELIA: Oh, well, there she goes! Bye Erin.
VENAM: We'll run into her again, I'm sure.
OFFICER: Keep it moving!
FLORA: ...
OFFICER: Excuse us.
FLORIN: ...
VENAM: Um, hey Florin. You gonna be okay?
FLORIN: Yes, yes, I'll be quite fine. I've already accepted what's happened.
Everything will turn out to be okay in the end, I know it.
MELIA: That's quite optimistic... But I believe you, Florin.
FLORIN: Haha... I'm pretty sure it's unhealthy optimism, but it's all I have right now.
Thank you for your help, \PN, but I need to lay low for a little while.
After all, I have to get ready for my sister's trial.
MELIA: Poor guy... He looked so defeated. I guess he really trusted his sister.
VENAM: Eh, he'll get over it eventually.
Anyway, I'm starving. Let's leave already.
MELIA: Yeah, me too. Let's eat first and then figure out where we're staying.
FLORA: Goodness, I thought we'd never get back home.
FLORIN: Patience is a virtue, Flora.
FLORA: Yeah, well, patience is something I just don't have right now.
I mean, patience is important but, ergh.
FLORIN: Heh, just relax, Flora.
Save your sass for when we confront Cassandra about what we found in Darchlight Woods.
FLORA: I was actually thinking about that. How about you take care of that, Florin?
FLORIN: Whoa, what? You've been begging me for a meeting with Cassandra for months!
FLORA: This is true, but I've changed my mind. I'll get too hot-headed anyway.
FLORIN: But... Ah, whatever. I know there's no convincing you once you get an idea.
I'll set up the meeting by myself then.
FLORA: We'll talk later, \PN.
FLORA: I am saving my energy for her. She's going to get an earful.
FLORIN: Why don't we invite \PN and Erin to the meeting?
They witnessed everything that happened down in the caves as well.
FLORA: Um, sure, but where's Erin?
VENAM: She already left.
FLORA: Oh. Well whatever. \PN should suffice.
FLORIN: Yeah. We'll notify you when the meeting will be held. Should be pretty soon.
FLORA: We'll see you soon, \PN.
MELIA: We should get going too.
VENAM: Don't have to tell me twice. Let's move.
I came from West Gearen! I'm excited to start a new life on Terrial Island!
Pay 7,200$ to board the train to Route 9?
There have been power outages all around the city lately. What's going on?
What the hell is this city doing? Someone needs to be fired!
Have a wonderful trip!
Main Street Station.
PokeStar Studios
Central Square
More...
Residential Station
None
Judicial District
Axis High University
Trip to West Gearen
Can you leave me alone?
Yes
No
[Map287]
I hope my mom doesn't get mad at me for downloading computer games...
It's the only laptop in the house!
I'm not supposed to battle indoors, but my parents aren't here!
Oh my gosh...You're that strong?
I have to admit, I didn't expect to lose...
Floor?
IGGLYBUFF: Jiggwiggly!
Igglybuff wants to give you something!
Oh dear...My precious TM is on top of a roof right now and I can't do anything about it.
No, I'm going to try again tomorrow during the day.
I enjoy visiting the Botanical Garden quite often.
You'll see flora types from all over the region in one area. It's exciting.
ZIGZAGOON: Zigzagigigoaazoooo!!
Welcome to the Main Street Complex!
We hope you enjoy your time here.
Listen kid, never grow up.
When you grow up...Well, let's just say you're going to have to stand behind a counter.
I wanted to be the "best that ever was" myself, trust me.
CERA: Heh...hahaha...
I spy with my little eye... A pest.
We'll see each other again very soon.
My girlfriend and I are usually at the Botanical Garden during the day.
She likes it there, so I don't mind paying the fee.
Nothing beats being home from a long day at work.
Would you like some wine?
...Oh dear, excuse me. I don't think you're old enough for that...
Well, I make homemade wine, so I guess I'll just give you the berries I use.
Those should satiate your appetite.
Berries are actually a delicacy in the Aevium Region.
Treasure them when you can.
Alola! From the Alola region!
Things are always great when the sun is out!
My daughter and I recently moved here from Gearen City.
Which is funny because we recently moved from Kanto to Gearen City...
Ah well...I suppose it keeps life exciting.
I come home from work just to work some more.
I did not sign up for this "adult" thing. I wish I could stay ignorant and young forever.
My dream is to ride the Grand Express and experience its gourmet dinner!
CRADILY: Craaoudda!
Oh, I'm sorry, I don't live here.
I look after this apartment during the day.
Feel free to hang around, though.
Sometimes I don't like it when my parents are here because it means I have to do homework.
I just want to live alone already. Enough with this homework! I want freedom!
No, just use ult. That's all you have to do.
...
Now I'm dead.
Sigh, I don't know why but my computer has been acting a bit weird lately.
It keeps freezing up and slows down whenever I open a new window.
I have work to do...
I prefer to be outside when it's dark out.
The night is just so serene.
Ground
45F
None
Ground Floor
29F
24F
8F
16F
None.
75F
[Map288]
JOY: Huh? You want me to heal your Pokemon?
I think you've mistaken me for my sister, Joy.
She's still at her post, but I'm off duty.
So please don't bother me. I have a life as well.
I used to have a house in Gearen City a long time ago.
And I used to have a garden in that same spot.
It seems like no matter what I do...I keep getting booted out of something...
I just want to be somewhere permanently. Is that so hard to ask for?
My Clauncher has been through a lot recently.
I brought him here so that he would feel better. Hopefully that's actually the case...
I got one badge and thought I could take on the trainers in this city...
Um, maybe I should go back to East Gearen.
CLAUNCHER: Clawnhch!
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Dream District Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
CHANSEY: Chanseeey~!
Have you seen all those posters about the missing people?
I wonder if one day I'll be missing! Oh boy, I can't wait!
Yes
No
[Map289]
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Scholar District Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
CHANSEY: Chanseeey~!
Yes
No
[Map290]
Enter the lift?
Hello! Do you perhaps, by chance, by luck, by rng, have a Masquerain?
If so, would you like to trade one of my Smeargle for it?
Ah, that is unfortunate.
You'll do it? Sweet!
\PN traded Masquerain for Smeargle!
Beautiful! Please take care of my Smeargle.
How have you been? How is my Smeargle?
The different types of colors used in this piece reminds me of a certain thing...
Ah, that's right! It reminds me of a Red Shard!
Ah, that's right! It reminds me of a Blue Shard!
Ah, that's right! It reminds me of a Green Shard!
Art truly moves the soul, doesn't it?
I wish I could make art as beautiful as this.
No, this can't be. My painting...
ARTULO: I can't believe Officer Jenny almost arrested me... That was quite scary.
Hello, I am the owner of this Art Gallery.
Please enjoy what we have to offer.
What's that? Someone might be interested in buying this piece?
Interesting...I'm not exactly sure if I'm willing to part with such an old artifact, but...
Have them come here and we can discuss it further. How does that sound?
Have them come here so we can discuss things further.
I ask myself daily..."Why am I alive"?
Why was I subjected to a life of turmoil and sin?
Is it because God has abandoned humanity?
Through the perspective of a child's eye, one could say that is in fact THE presence of God...
That causes us to be cursed with our own inner dysfunction.
But is this all true? None could say.
OWNER: This is horrible! Absolutely terrible...
OWNER: What am I going to do? That was my most precious piece...
OWNER: Hm? Oh?\| You found what now?
Oh, that old thing? We've gotten its replacement ages ago.
It's not authentic, but no one will know the difference... or care to, for that matter.
So, I guess you can keep that painting if you want. I don't want it.
You can feel the pain the artist felt by looking at this picture.
The green banana represents the artist's longing for individuality.
The purple butternut squash represents their anger.
The butternut squash is their anger...
ATTENDANT: Hello! Welcome to the GDC Art Gallery!
\GAdmittance is a $750 fee. Is that suitable?
Ah yes, thank you very much! Please enjoy what we have to offer!
... It seems as though you don't have enough money. Please visit when you do!
Come again soon!
\GAdmittance is a $350 fee. Is that suitable?
SMEARGLE: Smeerr.
JENNY: All right, tell me what's going on here.
OWNER: My most precious painting has been stolen from me!
I was just about to discuss terms with a client who was interested in buying it, but...
JENNY: Who exactly was interested in purchasing the piece?
ARTULO: T-That would be me!
JENNY: You're the one who wanted to buy the painting?
All right, you're under arrest!
ARTULO: W-What?!
JENNY: The culprit always returns to the scene of the crime!
OWNER: E-Excuse me, but I don't think this person did it.
JENNY: And why is that?
OWNER: There used to be another person here who was absolutely infatuated with this piece.
We used to have daily conversations on why the piece was beautiful.
However, when the painting disappeared, so did they.
JENNY: I see! All right, I'm on the case! We'll look after this suspicious art enthusiast!
THIS PICTURE IS ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL.
Smeargle looks tired.
Art is such a magnificent thing that enables people to express their emotions through different formats.
It shouldn't be overlooked. It should be glorified.
Heheh... Please refrain from using that elevator. That's for my use only.
Hehehe... Don't talk to me from there.
Hello there, would you like to look at my wares?
Some person told you that an item I sold him started to cause them nightmares?
Ah, so it was the lad who bought the NIGHTMARE MEDALLION.
I tried to explain to him what it was, but he was far too interested in its looks.
Yes, I do sell them, but as I've implied, they will cause nightmares.
The only way to get the nightmares to stop would be to throw it away.
You know, a young lass also purchased a Nightmare Medallion earlier this week.
I hope she's doing okay.
Hehehe... Talk to me behind the counter, bub.
There aren't many people around here at night.
Feel free to look around and appreciate the art of humanity and Pokemon.
This painting is absolutely divine.
It shows the connection this family had when they walked this Earth.
Who were they, I wonder?
One can only imagine the fates of these people.
Isn't this family portait absolutely divine? If only I could purchase it for myself.
W-What's that? Someone is going to buy this piece?
I... I see.
Yes
No
[Map291]
ZIGZAGOON: Zigzag!
I recently filmed for the movie "The Pelipper That Fell In Love With A Bridge".
It's a beautiful romance with a heart tugging storyline.
You should watch it in theaters once it's out.
???: You there, mind giving me a moment of your time?
The name's Dyre. Dyre Rektor. Famous director of a plethora of movies shown here at PokeStar Studios.
DYRE: I can see it in you! You have the capabilities of being a prime-time director!
Yes, I have a knack for these things you know?\| Usually.
Why don't you stop by the PokeStar Studios Theatre? There's something I wanna show you.
ANA: I hope I do an okay job...
We're filming a cool action film here! Hopefully you'll see it when it comes out in theaters!
NUMEL: Numa?
ANA: Wow this place is magnificent... It's so bright and colorful!
MAGGY: Magy!
ANA: Let's go explore!
Sigh... Long hours again today! But it'll all be worth it in the end!
MINUN: Mi! Mi!
RISA: Sup. I gave Ana a small role, but it'll help her get some experience with... life?
But this shoot is for actors and crew only. Gonna have to ask you to leave for a bit.
Don't worry, this shoot will only take like... 3 hours or something?
ANA: Th-Three hours for a 5 minute scene?!
RISA: That's showbiz for you, sweetie! We gotta keep filming until we get it perfectly right!
Lights! Camera! Action!
DYLAN: Oi, \PN. How's it goin'?\| Sorry for being so late. I had a thing to do.
Where's Ana and Maggy?
ANA: We're right here.
DYLAN: Hey Ana, where've you been?
ANA: Well... Maggy and I were casted to be in a movie!
DYLAN: Haha, yeah right. And I'm the Champion of the Aevium League.
DYLAN: Wh-What?! You're serious? But how?
ANA: This girl named... Risa? She knew \PN and we all just started talking.
Eventually she offered me a small role and I accepted? I guess that is how it went.
DYLAN: Hol'. Up. Risa? Risa Raider? \PN knows Risa Raider?!
DYLAN: Listen bro... Risa Raider is kinda hot. You should put in a good word for me.
DYLAN: That's what I'm talkin' about! Woo! Thanks \PN.
DYLAN: A bit a cheeky wee cow, eh?
Too bad, I ain't payin' you $5,000.\| Maybe.\| Perhaps.
ANA: You're such a dork, Dylan.
DYLAN: Hey, love is a beautiful thing. Don't knock it till you try it.
ANA: No, I think I'm good.\| Teehee...
"ANA: Hey Grandma... I heard you say something that I didn't understand the other day...
GRANDMA: Hm...? What is it, my dear?
ANA: You were saying how much you "loved" seeing all the children being wild and happy.
GRANDMA: Ah, it just means it makes me happy too.
When you care about something very much, to the point where it means something to you...
That's love.
ANA: Love...
Grandma?
GRANDMA: Yes, my dear?
ANA: I love you, Grandma!
GRANDMA: ...!
I... I love you too, Ana.\| And I'm sorry.
Recovered lost data: 75%.
ANA: G-Grandma...
DYLAN: Ana, are you okay? You're... crying? But...
You don't have any-
ANA: I... I want to go home.
DYLAN: Home? Yeah, okay. We can go back home. If that makes you feel any better.
ANA: I'm sorry...
DYLAN: Stop apologizing. We'll be fine. Let's just get you home.
We're working hard so that we win the Nommy Nashion Trophy!
The honor of receiving that award is like nothing else!
ANA: The people here are so nice! Everyone feels so important around here.
Everyone has a passion for this stuff. It's different from what I've seen from people before.
It's inspiring to me, somehow.
RISA: Ohmigosh, \PN is here to grace us with their presence at PokeStar Studios?
What an honor it is to speak to the one and only Team Xen Destroyer~!
Hm...? Why are you looking at me like that?
Ohhh yeah, I did say I'd show up at the Pyramid, didn't I?
So-so-sorry! I got kind of sidetracked and when I showed up it was already all done.
But let's not harp too much on that. Who's this girl here?
ANA: Oh... I'm Ana. Who are you?
RISA: What? You haven't heard of me? My name is Risa Raider.
I'm -the- Pop Star of Grand Dream City. I also am a part-time model, and head cheerleader at Axis High University.
ANA: Oh... Um, I'm new to the city.
So I don't really know what all of that means.
RISA: You don't know what it means to be a Pop Star? Part-time model? Head Cheerleader?
Tell me, sweetie. I'll explain it to you.
ANA: ...Yes.
RISA: Oh, hun. Now that's just sad.
I was gonna say that you could add actress and director on that list, but I reckon you don't know about those either.
ANA: Actually... I do. You make those movies, right?
RISA: Oh... Yeah, that's right!
I was offered to direct my very own original film.
The original script was about this little girl who was sacrificed against her will by her father and his cult, but...
My agent said that's been done before.\| A tragedy.
RISA: Ohmigosh, I just got the wildest idea.
Ana, would you like to have a part in the movie?
ANA: M-Me? I don't know how to act! I don't think I could-
RISA: It's fine, it's fine! You'll have a small scene.
Probably less than 5 minutes or so.
ANA: I-If it's a small role, I guess I could... But I'm not taking off my sunglasses!
RISA: Hm? Okay if you say so. You don't really have any specific look so you can just show up like that.
Come with me my darling~! Risa's gonna make you a star!
ANA: S-Sure!
We're filming a movie here soon! Please look out for it when it hits theaters!
PACHIRISU: Pachi!
ACTOR: Huh? What do you want? I'm not an actual Regirock, obviously...
I'm just playing a part in a movie. Don't bother me.
I'm going to make it big, I swear! I'll bring back so much money for my family!
My darling Zigzagoon is going to be a star! I'm so happy!
PokeStar Studios has a branch in Unova too!
I think that's their main base or something.
Sure
Pay me 5,000
[Map292]
VIVIAN: I thought I could trust you, Cella.
I thought I could trust all of you.
But you all just don't understand... You haven't felt what I have.
In a way, I can't be mad at your ignorance.
After all, you all just wanted to help.
But I am beyond anyone's help now.
And unfortunately for you all, my hand has been forced.
I won't hold back any longer. I'll eliminate anyone who stands in my way.
\c[6] Rise, my golem! Fight for me!
REGIROCK: R-R-R-R-Reegiirockkuu
*Beep* *Beep* *Beep* *Beep* *Beep* *Beep*
VIVIAN: Regirock, please, buy me some time. I just need a few moments!
ANJU: So... This is so important to you that you would go as far as to summon your golem?
I see now...
Everyone, I would like you all to leave me to deal with this one.
CELLA: A-Are you sure? We can help you too...
ANJU: We don't have that kind of time. Vivian is out there as we speak.
For all we know she could be performing the spell right now.
So go, stop Vivian. I will hold off the Regirock.
MELIA: We won't let you down.
CELLA: Thank you so much, Anju.
ANJU: You know, it's honestly a shame that you are being used for something like this, Regirock.
To be blessed with such a gift from Lady Nymiera... For this purpose? It's just sad.
Do you even know what you're fighting for, Regirock?
That, I truly wonder.
\c[6]However, I have a golem of my own. One that far surpasses your power.
ANJU: An elegant shape. When one's soul and mind are unstable, it would produce an ugly shape.
ANJU: Blessed with the power of ice, I call to you, my golem!
ANJU: Ah...
REGICE: Regice Re-Regice-Regice!
*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*
ANJU: Shall we begin?
ANJU: \PN, Melia, and Aelita too? What is the meaning of this?!
MELIA: I'm sorry, but whether or not you believe us or not...
The reality is that this needs to happen.
CELLA: You wretched people! I'm sorry I ever trusted you...
AELITA: You two go on ahead. I'll take care of any problems here.
MELIA: Got it. We'll go find Vivian.
[Map293]
???: Oh, it's the trainer from before!
Please, have a seat!
???: What brought you all the way down here?
...
Library? I don't know of any library...
But you said your friends were taken by Unown, is that correct?
I wouldn't worry about the Unown too much.
They just like to play pranks and do nothing all day.
What's your name, by the way?
Ah, \PN is it? What a beautiful name.
My name is...
But you can just call me Alice.
But about your friends, I'm sure they'll show up soon.
Oh? Do you hear that? Ah, it must be my brother!
Please excuse me, \PN!
???: .... ?
???: Who are you?!
What are you doing in my sister's house?!
So your name is \PN? What a lousy name.
My name is Allen. I'm Alice's sister.
I mean brother! I'm Alice's brother!
Anyway, do you know where Alice went? I need to make sure she's safe.
ALLEN: Yes, safe! Team Trappus is running around the forest again!
They keep trying to kidnap my sister for whatever reason. I have to stop them!
Hey, I have an idea! You should help me take on Team Trappus!
You're probably nothing but a weakling, but I'll take any help I can get.
So meet me in the forest and we'll kick some Trappus butt!
ALLEN: What did you just say?!
I'll have you know that my name is as awesome as a fire pruck!
I mean a fire truck!
Whatever, I don't have time to mess with you. Team Trappus is running around the forest again!
They keep trying to kidnap my sister, Alice, but they won't get her while I'm here!
ALICE: Ah, there's \PN.
KARRINA: Hey, \PN.
KARRINA: So uh, where are we?
We were in the Hidden Library and then there was this bright flash and-
ALICE: Ah, talk of this elusive library again?
I do wish to visit this fascinating place one day.
The way you speak of it makes it sound like it's a place of high regard.
KARRINA: Who are you again?
ALICE: Oh, excuse me! Where are my manners?
But again, you can call me Alice.
KARRINA: ... Well all right then.
Gonna cut to the chase here. What is this place?
ALICE: This is the Unown Dimension, silly!
Wait, if you two don't know of this place...
Does that mean you're from the other world?
KARRINA: The other world?
ALICE: Oh yes! The real world!
I was born there quite some time ago, but my father trapped me in this world.
Well, that's what I've been told anyway.
Now I live the rest of my days peacefully with my brother.
KARRINA: You were trapped here by your father?!
Haven't you ever tried to escape this place?
ALICE: Oh dear, escape? No, I could never do that.
If father wishes for me to live here, then I shall.
KARRINA: Well, how do we get back?
ALICE: That's easy. There's a cave to the north of the forest.
The exit lies within there.
KAREN: Oh Little Duck~...
Why would you ever want to leave this place?
It's so fun and silly and beautiful and and and....
Momma would've loved this place.
ALICE: If you like this place so much, why don't you stay here with me for a bit?
You can leave whenever you'd like too!
KARRINA: Whoa, whoa, slow down there!
You can't stay here because you still have the library closed up!
KAREN: Oh Little Duck! You hurt my feelings, but what's that saying?
If you love it, set it free?!
I'LL SET IT FREE, MOMMA.
The words are...
-! Trowen Ma' Acneeth !-
Remember them well, Little Duck.
Oh, and do take care of Little Dove until I return, okay?!
And be sure to brush your teeth three times a day!
No sugary foods after 8pm, all right?!
THEY GROW UP SO FAST?!
WEHHHHHHH!!!
ALICE: Well I guess that settles that.
I shall leave you to your journey, but please remember to visit sometime!
KARRINA: Uh, sure.
I guess I'll meet you by the cave, \PN.
ALICE: I will take good care of Karen. Don't you worry about a thing!
ALLEN: So it's true, huh?
Team Trappus kidnapped my sister!
Well that's fine, because I'll make them pay the ultimate price!
What?
You took out Trappus Grunts?
Hah! Don't make me laugh!
You couldn't defeat Trappus Grunts to save your life!
Pfft, fine. If you're so tough, then defeat me!
ALLEN: You're stronger than you look!
You're a fine person to call my rival.
But forget about this petty stuff that I started!
My sister is in trouble. Let's go!
ALLEN: Hah, I knew it! You're too weak!
That's okay, though. I'll defeat Team Trappus myself and save my sister.
You can tag along I guess, but you better not drag me behind!
ALICE: \PN!
ALICE: My brother showed those two grunts who's boss!
He's so cool!
GRUNT: You got lucky this time, Alice, but next time we'll be successful!
ALICE: Oh, this is truly wonderful!
Everything is the way it should be now~...
Ah, but we still have the issue with your friend, correct?
I shall free them on the way back home.
You should come along too, \PN. I believe we are expecting company~!
???: Hold it!
What are you doing? Don't you know that walking into the tall grass is very dangerous?!
Wild Pokemon may appear and-
Oh, it appears you are already in possession of a Pokemon!
How silly of me! I'll be on my way then.
UNOWN: Piiii!
GRUNT: Where do you think you're going?!
GRUNT: Teehee, that was fun!
I reign superior!
ALLEN: ...!
ALLEN: We're back here... But that must mean...!
ALLEN: ...Alice!
ALLEN: Alice, are you okay?
ALICE: I've failed Father... He trusted me!
How can I ever face him again knowing that I couldn't fulfill my role...?
ALLEN: What role? You mean the one where you try to control people?
Why would you want to do that? Don't you understand how wrong it is?
ALICE: It was my purpose... I'm nothing without that purpose...
ALLEN: Alice...
ALLEN: Don't you see? You don't have to be this way anymore.
We're free from the Unown Dimension. We can live our own lives now!
ALICE: But it isn't what Father wanted... He told me...
He told me that he trusted me to do this job. That it was important for everyone...
ALLEN: Important for everyone? How could that be?!
Alice, realize what he's done to us.
Forcing us to become one being... Forcing us to share our thoughts...
When The Puppet Master freed us, that's when I began to realize something...
ALICE: You realized something?
ALLEN: Yes. I've realized that we didn't know what it meant to be alive.
We'd fool around and play games here-- Ignorant to the world outside.
Why do you think Eriena left us? It's because she didn't want to be trapped here too.
Can't you see?!
\c[6]This place we thought was a paradise was just a prison!
ALICE: Allen- It... It isn't true, Father-
ALLEN: Can you even remember what he looked like? Who he was? His name?
What about Mother? What about us?!
Why would you follow the word of a man you can't even remember?
ALICE: B-Because he said that... He said that...
ALICE:\ts[1] He said that he loved me...!
ALLEN: Alice...\| But I love you too.
If Father loved us... He would've lived with us, but he left us here.
So let's forget about him and leave this place.
Let's go back to the real world and be with our friends.
A place where we can truly be ourselves.
ALICE: You... You are right. What am I crying for?
I've... been very troublesome, I am sorry. I'm so sorry for everything.
I must atone for what I've done to the others, too.
And I certainly cannot do that while I'm here, now can I?
ALLEN: Alice...!
ALICE: Thank you... Allen.\| For waking me up.
I hope one day... I can return the favor.
ALLEN: The Unown!
ALICE: So many of them too...!
ALLEN: We're leaving you all. We want to go to the real world!
UNOWN HORDE: Gurriiii!
ALICE: You are our friends, but we must go!
ALICE: They won't listen...
ALLEN: Then we're just going to have to fight our way out...
ALICE: Allen, you can't face the Unown by yourself...
ALLEN: Yeah, but neither can you.
ALICE: Together, we can!
ALLEN: Even with the both of us... This many Unown...
ALICE: We must try!
ALLEN: I'll get us both out of here, Alice.
ALICE: No, we shall get each other out!
Are you ready?
ALLEN: Let's do this!
ALICE/ALLEN: Light's Embrace!
ALLEN: It's no use... We're no match for them.
ALICE: No...
ALLEN: What the...?
ALICE/ALLEN: Gyaahh!!
KAREN: Little Duck, Little Duck~...
Meet my very new best friends!
I named the first one Andrew, the second one Xia...
And I named the third one Entertainment because it's funny to look at!
We're going to be JUST like sisters!
"Rock lady."
KARRINA: Alice said the way out was somewhere through here.
The only thing in here is that panel. Maybe it has something to do with that?
"Atebit World."
Who is this person?
KAREN: I am being punished for my sins! I cannot move!
A-Ah, Little Dove? Is that you?! HELP ME NOW!!!
ALLEN: This lady screams a lot! She must be part of Team Trappus!
KAREN: Team Trappawhodunwhat?
I have no idea what you're talking about, yellow kid! Why are you so damn short?!
ALLEN: Quiet! If you can't help yourself out of this mess, then you must be weaker than \PN!
What a joke!
You just sit there all pretty and wait until I finish my business with Team Trappus, okay?
KAREN: Momma told me to wait once. Then momma went to sleep. For a long time.
ALLEN: I said quiet! Now just wait here!
KAREN: :(
ALLEN: Hmph!
So it seems you were successful in saving my sister!
You're cooler than I thought you'd be, \PN.
KARRINA: Alice?
KARRINA: Oh wait, you're not Alice.
That's so weird, I thought I felt Alice's presence...
ALLEN: W-What? I'm not Alice! I'm Allen!
KARRINA: Yeah...
ALLEN: Anyways, it seems like you guys are leaving, right?
Well you better come back sometime or I'll find you both!
KARRINA: We'll be back... eventually.
ALLEN: Good!
Just you wait, \PN. Next time we meet I'm going to be even stronger.
Then I'll beat you over and over. Remember my words!
KARRINA: Hm.
"Atebit Cave."
ALICE: \PN, there you are!
ALICE: I thought I heard my brother, but I couldn't find him.
Oh? You met him already?
He's such a hothead. Don't let his temper get to you all right?
Oh and about your friend by the Unown...
I'm sure she'll be fine. I'll free her after I get home and make some tea. Does that sound all right to you?
ALICE: Lovely!
Let's get on with it then.
ALICE: Ah, I see. Well nevertheless, we cannot leave her there by herself.
Let me go put on the kettle and make some delicious herb tea~...
GRUNT: ...!
Do my eyes deceive me? Could it be...?
It is, isn't it? Alice!
ALICE: Excuse me, but do I know you?
GRUNT: We've been looking all over for you, Alice!
Now you're mine!
ALICE: Oh dear!
KAREN: Little Dove, please help me...
It seems to be a tile puzzle.
Would you like to try to complete it?
KARRINA: Hm? Did you figure something out with that panel?
Hey, wake up!
Safe?
Your name is lousy, punk.
Sure
She's not a friend, per se..
Yes
No
[Map294]
HUEY: You sure you haven't found anything?
RECEPTIONIST: Sigh... I wonder where Rune is?
Hello! This is the main registration area for the Stargaze Colosseum tournament..
Are you here to register?
Good! Let's see here...
O-Oh dear... it looks like there aren't any more positions for the tournament.
I'm very sorry. Please try again next year.
Please come again!
There aren't any more positions available for the tournament. Please try again next year.
"Help Plaza opening soon!"
Won't respond.
You can only take on more requests if you claim your reward.
Would you like to cancel your current help request?
Available Requests:\ch[1,3,Missing Children, Classified Information,No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
This help request has already been answered.
"This is Officer Jenny of the Judicial District in Grand Dream City!
Recently there have been an increasing number of children ending up missing.
They disappear in the middle of the night when no one is looking.
We have to stop this and find these children before anything terrible happens.
We're going to need someone to help us with our investigation.
As a disclaimer, we're only going to accept high ranking trainers.
If we don't find you satisfactory, then we have the option to turn you away.
Reward(s): ???\n Will you accept this mission?
"I will be waiting for you at the Police Department in the Judicial District.
"Missing Children" Help request accepted.
"This Help Request was submitted specifically for a trainer named \PN.
Confirming identity of the client reading...
Identity accepted as: \PN. Playing audio recording momentarily.
...
???: Hello, \PN. I'd like to leave my identity anonymous until we meet in person- If we meet in person.
I say if because it's up to you whether or not you'll accept this invitation.
Let's just get to the central issue... We're investigating beings called Dimensional Rifts.
Team Xen has brought about their existence, and we'd like to know more about them.
We've heard of your involvement in fighting Team Xen and the Rifts.
We'd just like to invite you to a discussion. You give us information, and we'll provide you with some as well.
Of course, there will be an actual reward for this as well."
"We're waiting on the 36th floor of the Central Building.
Just speak with the person at the front desk and tell them Loobel sent you.
"Classified Information" Help request accepted.
Available Requests:\ch[1,2,Classified Information,No Thanks]
RANGER: Hello! I have a gift for you, \PN!
RANGER: That's a gift from Jan. He hopes you like it!
The Fesitval of Dreams is one of the most anticipated events of the year!
It's a week long event that starts with a huge tournament.
RECEPTIONIST: Hello, how may I help you today?
RECEPTIONIST: Thank you! Please come again!
RECEPTIONIST: Sorry, but that input is incorrect...
The Festival of Dreams only comes around once a year!
Please, enjoy yourself!
RECEPTIONIST: The Festival of Dreams only comes around once a year!
It isn't responding.
Floor?
We hope you enjoy your time here at the Central Building.
You're saying that a person named Loobel sent you?
I see... Please take the left-most elevator to the 36th floor.
They will be waiting for you there.
I heard that someone is holding up a stamp as a reward for their help request.
Stamps are incredibly rare. Maybe I shouldn't pass this up.
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Dream District Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rought, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
Hello there, I am the rewards lady!
Once you complete a help request you can come back here and claim your rewards!
How may I help you today?
You have completed the "Classified Information" help request!
Here is your reward!
\PN received a whopping 25,000$!
\PN received 1 stamp for the Department of Dreams!
Thank you for helping!
You currently have no rewards available.
This is the Help Center, we allow trainers to post what we call help requests.
Help requests are bulletins that are posted on the help board over there.
Once a trainer accepts a help request, and completes it...
They receive rewards for them!
So it's basically a general offer of reward.
RHODEA: Still nothing about Rune?
There's gotta be something. Any lead? Any clue?
RECEPTIONIST: Sorry, Rhodea, but there's been absolutely nothing.
HUEY: Well, that's fine. Don't worry about it.
I'm sure news will show up sooner or later! Thank you for your hard work!
RECEPTIONIST: We're very sorry. If we get anything we'll notify you all right away.
RHODEA: Okay, thank you.
RHODEA: Oh, \PN. You got here quickly. Did you happen to overhear our conversation?
HUEY: ...
RHODEA: How about we talk about it when we settle down a bit?
Let's wait for the others outside.
Yes
No
Password.
Nothing, thanks.
36th Floor
None
Ground Floor
Rewards
Info
No Thanks
[Map295]
ENGINEER: I don't know what's happening, but I don't think it's good...
BRAIXEN: Make one false move and I'll burn you into a crisp!
ADAM: Oh yeah, now you want to actually do something...
BRAIXEN: Sh-Shut up! I don't need to hear anything from you!
VALARIE: Stop bickering! Let's end this!
NIM: I'm... I'm so sorry you all...
NIM:\ts[1] I've tried so much to keep it back, but I can't... I'm...
\ts[1]He always told me this would happen, but I never listened.
\ts[1]And... neither did she...
\ts[1]I'm... I'm so scared. I'm... sorry.
MELIA: Nim... What's-
NIM: Ack...!
NIM:\ts[1] This...\| isn't me... Please...
\ts[2]Save me...!
NIM:\ts[2] F..or..giv..e....m...e...
AELITA: Wh-What just happened?!
BRAIXEN: No... It's just what I thought!
Somehow she was overexerting herself, and her psychic energy imploded!
And because of that, she turned herself into stone...
But what could've caused this...?
???: That would most likely be because of US.
GEARA: Ahahaha... Well, well, well. It's good to see you again, \PN, Aelita.
AELITA: Geara!
MELIA: Why... are you here? I thought you were abducted...
JENNER: Melia...
GEARA: Oh, but he was! All of us were imprisoned against our will.
And we would've stayed imprisoned if it weren't for your little friend.
But I guess this thing isn't really your friend anymore, is it?
It's just a stupid slab of stone now. How unfortunate.
ZETTA: She tried to hold us back, but it was a meaningless effort!
GEARA: Now, it's time we got our nice slice of revenge.
Let's make this easy for all of us. Melia, you're coming with us.
MELIA: I'm not going anywhere with you creeps!
I don't care what you guys throw at me, I won't be defeated by the likes of Team Xen.
GEARA: Okie, well! We're going to have to do this the hard way then.
Jenner, grab Melia right now!
JENNER: ...
MELIA: Don't you dare touch me.
AELITA: Oh no, you're going to have to deal with me first!
Hawlucha, guard Melia!
MELIA: Hapi, it's your turn!
VALARIE: Rina, come out!
ADAM: Aerodactyl, kill 'em!
GEARA: Sigh... it's always the difficult way. Can never be easy.
Fine, \PN. I'll take great solace in beating your face in! Let's go!
Really? Being difficult again? Why don't you take a hike?!
GEARA: Your strength is actually so annoying. You know that?
How are the rest of you holding up?!
ZETTA: These guys are no joke. But there's no way I'm gonna lose.
GEARA: Grrgh... Well, I lost and I need some help.
Zetta, make use of your equipment already! We have a good candidate right in front of me.
ZETTA: Gotcha, give me a sec!
CARNIVINE: Carn...ivine?
ZETTA: Bye-bye Carnivine!
CARNIVINE: Carnn??
GEARA: As for you... If you think you're so strong, then you deal with it!
MELIA: \PN, no!!
AELITA: Alright, we got it surrounded!
You found them all!
One more left to go!
Two more left to go!
Three more left to go!
Four more left to go!
Five more left to go!
Six more left to go!
GURDURR: Gur! Gurdurr!
ENGINEER: Enough of this, Gurdurr! If you don't behave then I'll-
YOU have work to do, Gurdurr!
TIMBURR: Heh....
TIMBURR?: Yep, that's right, Gurdurr! Feel the rage brewing!
It's just as I've been telling you...
HIKER: Wh-What? Is that Timburr speaking?
NOTATIMBURR: This man has forced you all to take on hard jobs with no break!
He made you do all the work with little pay as he stood around and did nothing!
DEFINITELYNOTATIMBURR: And in the end he takes all the credit for YOUR work!
LET THE ANGER BREW! LET IT EXPLODE!
GURDURR: GURRRRRRDUUUURRRRRRR!!!!
ENGINEER: It evolved into... Conkeldurr!
CONKELDURR: Conkell!!!
Hmm, it seems that you're well equipped.
CONKELDURR: C-Conkel...dur...
ENGINEER: Conkeldurr, I understand that you're upset with me...
And you have every reason to be angry with me.
I sat around and did nothing while you all did the work.
I never gave you guys any break and credit for what you've done and it was wrong of me.
CONKELDURR: ..................
ENGINEER: If you guys come back and work for me, I promise things will be different.
Let's build a bridge. Not just a physical one, but a mental one too.
Even though we work together, I see you all as my family.
So, will you guys please help?
CONKELDURR: Durr!
ENGINEER: I'm glad to hear it, Conkeldurr-
???: Whoa, whoa, whoa... Hold the phone. You're just gonna give up like that?
After everything I've told you? Are you seriously that weak?
CONKELDURR: Con. Kel. Durr.
???: Tch, you're such a useless Pokemon.
GRUNT: \PN are you seriously messing with us again?
I went through a lot of hard work to get that Conkeldurr to turn against his master.
And then you show up for a minute and suddenly everything's hunky dory!
Stop accepting help requests or you'll be sorry!
Team A-A, Anti Assist! We don't help! We can't allow it. We won't allow it!
Grunt Hilda, out!
???: And who do you think you are? Interfering with Team A-A will only mean trouble for you in the future!
We've been watching you \PN. We're disgusted!
Stop accepting help requests and mind your own business!
We can't allow it! We won't! Team Anti-Assist!
Continue to meddle with these ignorant fools and you'll be answering to us next time!
ENGINEER: I can't really say I understood what just happened, but...
Conkeldurr and I are going to the broken bridge to repair it.
Please meet us there!
"Conkeldurr Lumber Yard."
I'm gonna finish you off!
I'll remember this...!
Wahh!!
CONKELDURR: Keldur....
MELIA: There's nowhere to go, Carnivine!
MELIA: The vines... They're disappearing!
That must mean...
MELIA: \PN, thank goodness!
That was a cheap trick Zetta pulled back there, but we won the battle.
Unfortunately, though... We didn't win the war.
GEARA: That's enough. It's clear that we're not going to get to any resolution like this.
Therefore, I'm willing to make a deal with you, Melia.
We're on Terajuma Island, aren't we?
ZETTA: Seems to be about right.
GEARA: Good, then I have a reasonable solution.
This Nim girl may be a slab of rock, but who knows? It may be possible to revert her.
But I'm not going to give you that chance. Not until Melia is with us.
We'll be taking Nim with us to the summit of Valor Mountain.
If you want Nim back, we'll give her back in exchange for Melia.
MELIA: But that's... that's...
GEARA: Aw, is that sounding too unfair for the little princess?
Too damn bad, brat. These are our terms.
JENNER: Melia, I-
MELIA: I don't want to hear it. I know where you stand.
Besides, who said we're just going to let you leave?
I don't know if you're aware of this, but you're completely surrounded.
No Pokemon, no options, no escapes.
VALARIE: That's right! We're going to escort you to the authorities and have you locked up for good!
GEARA: It's too bad \PN isn't here to warn you. So sad.
But I actually have one last friend in my arsenal.
Hahahahaha...\| Come out,\| Giratina!
GIRATINA: Ghiraa!
MELIA: So... That's our situation right now. It's not a good one, but we'll just have to accept it.
The others were really tired from battle, so they went on ahead to Kakori Village.
I decided to wait on the bridge in hopes that you would be successful.
Not that there was any real worry. I knew you'd prevail!
Anyway, Kakori is just up ahead. Let's not keep the others waiting.
NIM: Agh... Agh...
I'm gonna save herule.
Pennsylvania.
*loud screaming*
These rocks look climbable.
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
Hachaaa!
Did I loseeee?
Whyyyy...
GEARA: We're going to have to do this the hard way then, as usual.
GEARA: Are you implying that battling me is a waste of time?
That's a joke if I've ever heard one. Fine then, perish!
GEARA: You're quiet, and an idiot. At least there's more than one notable quality about you.
Let's make this quick.
Vileplume is resting underneath the ground...
Do you want to sprinkle the powder on the Vileplume?
You sprinkled the powder on Vileplume...
VILEPLUME: Vi! Vi!!!
The wild Vileplume attacked!
The Vileplume went back to sleep.
The Vileplume disappeared!
You left the Vileplume alone.
TIMBURR: Burr!
MELIA: It's nice getting to talk to someone I know.
Even though considering everything we've been through, we don't know that much about each other.
But truthfully, I don't really think that matters. As long as we're together, it's okay.
And I know I should open up more to you and the others, but... I don't think it's appropriate to do that yet.
If I don't keep a line between people, I feel like I won't be taken seriously.
I have a tendency to overthink situations, so this may be one of those cases.
But then there are moments where I feel like I don't think enough.
I should've been more of a leader and realized that something was up with Nim.
And that's the thing, I knew. I knew something was wrong but I pushed us forward.
The one time I try to put my thoughts away, it bites me.
Ever since that day, everything's been...\| Everything's been so difficult...
What am I supposed to do? Why am I even in this situation to begin with...
???: "Should've, would've, could've".
MELIA: Oh, Aelita! I-I was just... I was just...
AELITA: It's okay to cry, you know? We're all human.
MELIA: I know... It's just that-- Anyway, what was that you just said?
AELITA: Oh, that's a statement my Dad used to tell me a lot.
Whenever I'd cry about something, he used to repeat that over and over.
It was pretty obnoxious, and in hindsight, it was still obnoxious.
But I get the intent behind his words.
There's no use dwelling on the past. You can't change what happened.
The best thing you can do is look toward the future and become a better person.
After all, life's all about growth and experiences.
So don't let your grief pull you down.
MELIA:\ts[1] Aelita...\| Thank you...
AELITA: Don't thank me, thank the Eldest! She taught me these things.
MELIA: I'll keep her words in my heart. I won't give up-- I promise.
AELITA: It's a promise between friends then!
MELIA: "Friends"?\| We're friends?
AELITA: Um, yeah? I'd like to think that we all are.
It's not just me who thinks that way. Val, Braixen, Adam, and even Saki see you as our friend.
MELIA: I see... I guess I was over thinking things yet again.
Alright, fine. It's a promise between friends then.
MELIA: We should probably head back now.
I'm sure the others are waiting for us be ready.
AELITA: Yep yep! I hate meetings so let's get this over with.
GURDURR: Gurdurr?
Gurdurr! Gurdurr!
ENGINEER: Gurdurr, could you please calm down?
ENGINEER: Can you please stop sulking and help out? The business is suffering!
GURDURR: Durr! Durr!
ENGINEER: You know what? I think you've just gotten lazy!
You don't do anything but sit here and do nothing!
GURDURR: Durr!
ENGINEER: What the?! Don't hit me!
GURDURR: GUR!!!
ENGINEER: What's going on with that thing? It's heading towards the bridge!
It's headed to the western part of the jungle. Let's run after it!
"Weather Institute."
RANGER: Hello! Do you know about the Pokemon "Castform"?
Do you agree that this Pokemon is exceptionally weak?
RANGER: Exactly! Then you do agree?
Well what if I said I had a way to make Castform more useful?
RANGER: Castform is known for its ability to easily manipulate the weather.
We can increase this capability ten-fold...\| Maybe.
But that would require me to gain access to the TMs Rain Dance, Sunny Day, and Hail!
Trainer, please provide me with these TMs! I won't take them forever, I just need them for the process!
Whenever you have all three, please talk to me.
RANGER: ...
RANGER: Do you have the TMs Rain Dance, Sunny Day, and Hail for me?
RANGER: Great! You have all of them! I'll just take em for a sec and get to work!
RANGER: Took a bit, but I have it completed! Here, take back your TMs.
In addition, I'd like to give you this!
RANGER: This augmented device will allow Castform to use the first weather move it has and gain a special ability based on whatever weather it casts.
It sounds complicated, but you should try it out in battle!
RANGER: Hm... You seem to be missing the TM for Hail...
RANGER: Hm... You seem to be missing the TM for Sunny Day...
RANGER: Hm... You seem to be missing the TM for Rain Dance...
RANGER: This isn't a joke! Come back when you have all of them!
RANGER: How is the Castform Crest treating you? Is it to your liking?
Also, I forgot to give this to you last time. Please take it!
Yes
No
You and me, Geara!
Ready to waste time?
Who am I fighting again?
What's a Castform?
I don't have time for this.
I'm listening
Still not interested. Bye.
Yeah. Here.
No, hehe.
[Map296]
There's an extremely famous doctor working at the Hospital of Hope.
I've heard that he has a 100% success rate with all of his patients.
Isn't that amazing? We're able to treat everyone and everything!
Ever since I retired, I've found myself visiting Mika's Cafe more and more.
There's not much an old man like me can do with all that hustle and bustle this city has to offer.
I came from Dendemille Town. Do you know where that place is?
I'm sorry, but that's not right at all...
Maybe you should learn more about the world.
Hey, hey, hey!! That's correct! Dendemille Town is from the Kalos Region!
You sure do know your stuff, kid.
Let me reward you with some of these...!
You came to talk to me at night, right? So what's better than a Dusk Ball?
You have something in common with the Dusk Ball.
You both can capture things better during the night!
What did you capture...?
My attention of course!
Hey have you seen Amanda lately? She was gone for such a long time...
Then boop! She's back to her chippy and pippy self!
I wonder if everything's okay with her.
Sigh, I'm probably going to get fired from my job.
I don't know what it is, but I can't seem to figure out this glitch that's been ruining my computer.
It's been happening ever since these weird cases of people turning to stone rose into popularity.
What to do...
NUZLEAF: Nuuuz!
Let me guess, you started your journey at East Gearen City, yeah?
You started your journey at Gearen City, right?
Yeugh, What a lame place to start off! Only weak trainers go there.
It was so obvious that you came from there. Maybe you should toughen up.
RHODEA: Well it's about time! Where have you three been?
We were all fed up with waiting so we came here ourselves.
LAVENDER: Sorry, Rhodea... It was my fault.
HUEY: No, it was my fault too! I agreed to help her with something.
RHODEA: Guys, relax. It's not that big of a deal.
Anyway, Cassandra called and told me I have to fill out some paperwork for the festival.
So I'll be leaving you all for a little while. Just don't get into trouble, okay?
LAVENDER: Yes, Rhodea.
RHODEA: Good, I'll be back soon.
MELIA: Hey, they finally made it!
LAVENDER: Hello everyone. My name is Lavender. Psychic Leader of Grand Dream City!
VENAM: Oh, you use Psychic Pokemon? Sorry, but we can't be friends.
LAVENDER: H-Huh? Why not? Did I offend you?
VENAM: Nah, I was only kidding because I love Poison-types.
LAVENDER: Oh, I see! Heh... That's a relief. Who are you then?
VENAM: Venam, the Poison-Type Gym Leader.
White-haired girl is Erin. White-haired boy is Kanon. Blonde-haired girl is Melia.
KANON: Nice to meet you!
LAVENDER: It's a pleasure to meet you all.
MELIA: \PN, Erin was just about to tell us some more details about Aelita.
ERIN: Don't get your hopes up because I've got nothing.
Aelita...\| She really pisses me off sometimes.
I just don't understand how you can't stay put.
Because of her I'm not allowed back into the house until I find her.
I've already checked the entirety of Route 7, 8, and 9.
Ugh, I'm just out of ideas now. Where could she be?
LAVENDER: Excuse me, but who is Aelita?
ERIN: She's a mutual friend of \PN's group and I.
And at this point, I think I'm using the term "friend" quite loosely.
HUEY: When did you lose her?
ERIN: She wanted to check something on Route 7 and somehow we got separated.
I honestly don't know how it happened. I've been spending this whole time looking for her.
LAVENDER: I understand how you feel. Huey and I are also looking for someone we've lost.
ERIN: So I've heard. Rune was her name?
HUEY: Yeah, she was my sister.
ERIN: Sorry to hear about her disappearance. Hopefully you guys have more luck than me.
LAVENDER: That aside Huey, \PN and I have something we need to share with you all.
MELIA: Something to share? What's up?
HUEY: We were looking for stuff regarding Talon's disappearance, right?
While on our investigation we figured out that Talon visited the Magnolia Theater the day before he...
LAVENDER: ...Yes, anyway, we went to the same show he went to and...
The show was hosted by some woman named Nancy and someone who looked exactly like \PN.
VENAM: Someone looked exactly like \PN?!
MELIA: \PN's mother...
ERIN: Excuse me for interrupting, but what does this show have to do with Talon?
LAVENDER: Right, well, we found a letter that told him to meet with Nancy at Amber Park at Midnight.
That's exactly the spot where I found him encased in stone.
ERIN: Uh-huh... So he actually went out to Amber Park at midnight because a letter told him to do so?
What an idiot.
A bait can't get anymore obvious than that, are you kidding?
LAVENDER: Well-
???: Excuse me, I'm sorry to intrude but...
I couldn't help but hear that some of you attended a show at the Magnolia Theatre?
LAVENDER: Yes, that's correct.
???: Great, I just wanted to know if I could get an interview with those that went?
I'm a journalist, you see. I'm trying to write a column on the Magnolia Theatre's rep.
HUEY: You want to interview us?
???: Yes! If that would be all right?
LAVENDER: Uh, I suppose we could-
VENAM: Um, not to be rude, but we were kind of in the middle of some-
VENAM: W-Wait a minute... It can't be!
MELIA: Um, Venam? Is something wrong?
VENAM: I-It is!
Valarie, is that you?!
MELIA: V-Valarie? What are you talking about?
VALARIE: Ah, so you have heard of me!
I suppose word of my work is starting to fly around?
VENAM: What are you talking about? Don't you recognize me?
MELIA: Venam, please calm down...
I think you have the wrong person... I don't think this person is...
MELIA: Wait, that is Valarie!
VALARIE: U-Um, so about that interview?
MELIA: You really don't recognize us?
VENAM: Don't you remember Braixen? Adam? Saki?
You have to remember us!
VALARIE: I-I'm sorry, but you're asking so many things I don't understand.
Remember you all? Braixen? Who? I haven't seen any of you guys in my life!
MELIA: Does that mean you remember who Saki is?
VALARIE: I thought I was the interviewer, not the interviewee!
I only know of Saki Blakeory, obviously! I don't know her personally!
VENAM: Then you must know where Saki is?!
VALARIE: That's enough, you guys are really weird. Forget I asked anything!
VENAM: I'm about to have a fucking stroke.\| I'm serious.
That was Valarie...! I know it was!
ERIN: Clearly she didn't know you people. You guys absolutely sure?
MELIA: It took me a second, but there's no doubt about it. That was Valarie.
But at the same time, it felt like it wasn't. \c[6]Like I was talking to an entirely new person!
KANON: Just what is going on in this city?
LAVENDER: Whatever it is... it's huge.
VENAM: I'm going back to the apartment. I've had enough for today.
I need to think about some things.
MELIA: Guess there's not much reason to stay here then...
ERIN: Listen, I hate relying on other people, but do you mind if I stay with you guys for the night?
I'd really love to go home, I really would. But it looks like I'm not even allowed to return, so.
LAVENDER: We have a ton of rooms to spare. I'm sure we'd have space for you, Erin.
If anything, you can take my room. I don't mind taking the couch.
ERIN: Oh, no, that's fine. I don't mind sleeping on a couch.
LAVENDER: It's perfectly fine, in fact, I insist. Come with me, I'll show you where we're staying.
ERIN: ...You'd really-- No, thank you. I appreciate it.
MELIA: I guess we're all heading back home for the day.
We all have a lot to think about. Perhaps we'll leave that for tomorrow.
???: I wish I was able to sing like that.
If I could sing like that, I would retire from being a journalist.
...It was surreal because Judy didn't tell me about that report we had to get out-
Uh, is there something you need from me?
If not then I'd like for you to leave me alone. Sorry.
Floor?
Have you visited the Toy Box?
Nobody really knows what its purpose is. It just sort of sits there all the time.
Has anyone ever tried breaking into the Toy Box to see what's inside?
What if there's some sort of secret treasure hidden inside?
MIKA: Hello and welcome to Mika's Caf!
Yes, I'd like a Exploud Macchiato...
Excuse me, but can you be a little bit more patient?
I'm in the middle of my order...
SNUBBUL: PPrbbhh!
Cassandra is such a hard working mayor. She works for the happiness of everyone.
It's too bad that the overall satisfaction of the people in this city is starting to drop.
I suppose that would happen if people were suddenly turning into stone.
Have you been to Darchlight Woods?
I've heard that there's an area with intense fog that Defog can't even handle.
Isn't that a little insane? Defog is useless against fog. What's the purpose of Defog if you can't even...
Well...Defog.
...I see, but why didn't Judy just tell you all before things got hectic?
Oh? Did you just walk into my home uninvited?
Y-You won? B-But this is my house...
Does this mean this is your house now?
PIANOLADY: Oh, \PN! It's so nice to see you!
Do you remember me? Oh, you must!
Since working on the S.S. Oceana will no longer work for me, I've decided to work in this small caf.
It doesn't pay as much as being on a boat, but it's fun nonetheless.
Plus, I get to drink all the free coffee I want!
Please come back to visit me, okay?
PIANOLADY: So what have you been up to lately, \PN?
I've just been working here as a simple pianist.
Sometimes I do miss the excitement of playing on a cruise liner, but this will do for now.
Maybe when Team Xen is finally gone...I'll open up my own music school or something!
Does that sound like a good idea to you?
Isn't it a little late for children to be walking around?
Whatever, if I give you this will you leave me alone?
I don't have any better candy on me, so you'll just have to make do with this.
What do you want? I already gave you candy...
Isn't that what kids like?
JOY: Oh what a day today was.
It's so nice to have a space to come to after a hard day's work.
Have you been to the Magnolia Theatre? I hear they have wonderful shows there!
Have you seen those missing girl posters around?
That girl was named Rune. She was one of the top students at Axis High University.
It's so sad to hear that she's away from her family.
This place is known for catering to people AND Pokemon.
I think that nice balance has kept Mika's Caf in high regard with residents.
PATTY: Like, ohmigosh... is that you, \PN?
Do you remember me? It's, like, so okay if you don't. I totally understand.
That whole business with being a maid for Angie was so played out and so not cool of me.
But a girl's gotta get her paycheck somehow, am I right?
Now I'm working as a maid at Mika's Caf.
My mom was all like..."Patty, you can't work at a Caf. You don't get paid that much!"
But I was like..."Mom, I'm 19 years old. I can do whatever the hell I want!"
She started crying. \ts[5]I am like soooo over it.
Oh my gosh... I think I spent too much time talking to you. I don't want to get fired from here, too!
See you later, \PN!
PATTY: Hi, \PN! Welcome to Mika's Caf!
PATTY: Like, ohmigosh! \PN? Is this for me?
I've been waiting for my limited edition Destructo-Golisopod figurine!
Now this will, like, go perfectly with my collection! Thanks!
Please take this for helping me out!
"I try to adjust. I know that I must...
I've got to face a new day~...
Take it on the chin, as they say~...
and \ts[4]make a new start...!
But now I'm sitting alone\ts[3]...With a heart."
...
It looks like she's singing her heart out. It's probably best not to bother her.
Grand Dream City is the melting pot of all the culture in the Aevium Region.
This is possible due to the dome we all live under.
It provides a constant temperature necessary to sustain all types of life.
MEEPA: Meeoopaahh!
I'm a teacher at Axis High University.
We only accept students who excel at their prime subject.
We think it's best to completely focus on one skill and max out its potential.
If you're a mathematician, you'll be put in all math classes.
If you're an extraordinary trainer, you'll be put in battling classes.
Simple enough, right?
Mika's coffee is so amazing. I can't. even. talk. with. proper. sentences!
You should definitely give it a try if you thirst for a good drink!
PIKACHU: Pika, Pikachu!
I'm from a Region extremely far from this one.
It's called the Orre Region! It's not exactly the most luxurious place...
But it's what I like to call home.
Thank you for listening to me ramble about my homeland.
Take these, yeah?
Quick Balls can catch Pokemon easily if you use them at the beginning of the fight.
Working as a receptionist is such a bore.
I wish someone would talk to me once in a while.
Huh? What are you saying? You're talking to me now?
Hm, I suppose you're right. I am enjoying our talk.
Here, take these as thanks.
I don't have any use for these berries, but you may find some sort of use.
You're talking to me again?
Wow, that sure is nice of you.
I don't have any more things to give to you anymore.
I hope that doesn't stop you from talking to me.
A lot of office workers come to Mika's Caf after work to unwind.
I don't think you're going to get any coffee during the night time.
It's just far too busy...
Mika lets her Pokemon run about the Caf.
She says she doesn't like to confine her Pokemon to her Pokeballs.
Plus, guests can play with them if they wish.
Kanto
Johto
Kalos
Unova
13F
36F
None.
Ground Floor.
36F.
13F.
[Map297]
I was so excited to complete my research, but due to everything that's been going on...
Let's just say it hasn't been working out well.
Because you were able to fend off that fiendish Crobat, we're able to get back to work!
I believe that the move Flash would be enough to disrupt Zubats from their sleep.
But where would one find that TM? I don't suppose they sell them in stores?
These guys are idiots... Crobat hasn't gone anywhere. It's just hiding until it saves up strength.
Could it actually be...? A trainer has finally got past our Kingdra...
Yes, I believe you're definitely the one!
In this facility we study the Pokemon called Zubat.
We placed the Kingdra statue outside to repel any guests who wanted to find our center.
However, it was also a test to see if someone could defeat our defenses.
The Kingdra's power is relative to the power of our main "problem".
If you could defeat the statue, you could probably hold your own against...
Enough of that...You will help us, won't you?
With defeating our main obstacle so that we can study the Zubats more closely.
Oh, excuse me! It has just occurred to me that I haven't properly explained what our problem is.
You see, we're trying to study Zubats from close up.
The problem is that there's a Crobat protecting its young. We can't get close at all.
We'll need you to drag that Crobat out and then defeat it in battle.
To do that, you'll need to disturb its young.
We've tried many things to get this to happen, but all of our attempts have ended up fruitless.
We believe the best way to do this is to blast them with a hearty amount of light.
But how are we going to do that...?
Anyway, I'll grant you access to the cave nevertheless.
All you have to do is enter the house next door and go to the second floor.
All will become clear when you do.
I see... that's quite unfortunate.
I wonder if you could teach your Pokemon a move that can brighten up darker areas?
That would surely disturb those Zubats enough for their mother to appear.
It seems like you were able to get rid of our problem! Please take that Zubat as your reward!
Zubat are native to the Kanto region, but some were imported to the Aevium Region for research.
Unfortunately one Zubat evolved before we were able to research it properly and it got out of hand.
Thank goodness you were able to get that Crobat out of the picture.
Now we'll be able to study the Zubats without interruption.
...With what exactly?
Sorry, not interested.
[Map298]
"Come to Teila Town tomorrow for an awesome bash hosted by the beautiful and talented Amber Von Brandt"!
"P.S. Bring me presents".
Roggenrola doesn't want to go this way...
AMBER: This Cook Off is going to be the Cook Off to end all other shitty Cook Offs!
GOOMINK: Goomink ask around and apparently there no more Leaders on the island!
OR ANYWHERE.
What Goomink supposed to do??????? League so stinky!
Hm... But Goomink still want to get stronger. How about we fight once again?
GOOMINK: KYAPOW\| KYAPAPAPOW!
YES!\| Goomink win this time!
YOWCHIES PART 2! Goomink still no strong enough?!
GOOMINK: Wrraoooh!!! Goomink still no strong enough to defeat \PN!
Not that Goomink really expected to win, but was hopeful.
What Goomink do now? No more Leaders for Goomink to challenge!
Goomink only have 2 badges too, GRRR. Goomink MAD.
GOOMINK: Maybe things too easy for Goomink on these islands.
Maybe Goomink should go where no good Pokemon go!
Badlands... They say no Pokemon survive! But maybe Goomink will!
After all, Goomink get two badges! Goomink basically pro!
Yes, that's where Goomink decide to go! Badlands here Goomink go!
GOOMINK: Goomink wait!
Vileplume is resting underneath the ground...
Do you want to sprinkle the powder on the Vileplume?
You sprinkled the powder on Vileplume...
VILEPLUME: Vi! Vi!!!
The wild Vileplume attacked!
The Vileplume went back to sleep.
The Vileplume disappeared!
You left the Vileplume alone.
"Kakori Gym/Ranger HQ".
VALARIE: Ah, there's \PN!
MELIA: How did it go, \PN? Did you win?
MELIA: That's awesome, \PN! I knew you could do it!
VALARIE: Congratulations! You only need one more badge and then you're good to go.
VALARIE: But you won, and that's a great achievement.
MELIA: Wh-What? You've lost...? But that can't be...
I thought your strength would've been good enough to overcome Crawli.
VALARIE: Hm...? Uh, Melia? I think \PN is just playing a prank.
They have Crawli's badge.
MELIA: H-Huh?\| O-Oh!
Hahaha...\|Hahahahahaha!
Hahahahahahahahaaha!
Wow, don't I look like a fool right now?! I didn't even consider the fact that you could be joking!
I really need to chill out. This tropical heat must be doing numbers on my health.
VALARIE: (...It wasn't that funny.)
Anyway, now that we know that \PN won. What's next?
MELIA: Crawli told me that there's a Gym in a place called Teila Resort.
It's on the way to Kristiline Town, so we're going to make a stop there first.
But to get to Teila Resort, we're going to have to go through Route 6 and Aquamarine Cave.
We've got a long road ahead of us, so-
VALARIE: What the...? This is...!
MELIA: Is something wrong?
VALARIE: I got a notification that... Saki Blakeory is live streaming right now.
MELIA: ...???
SAKI: Yooo guys, what's up?? I totally fell on this cool ass island and I have no idea where I am!!!!
My phone finally has decent service so I decided to turn on the stream!
So----- I'm chillin'------Under------ It's C--D AS-----
CHECK OUT--- -T------ -IT'S------- WISH-------OH, BAD SERV---- SHI---
VALARIE: Damnit, Saki! Why didn't you say where you were earlier?!
MELIA: What happened?
VALARIE: Her phone lost signal. Guess wherever she is doesn't have reliable reception.
MELIA: Well we shouldn't just stand around and wait for her to show up.
VALARIE: Right, let's go.
"Kakori Safari Zone!"
These flyers keep appearin' everywhere! I don't have time for this, I tell you!
You rip em off and you feel sick the next day! Yep, that's what happens!
Looks like someone is hosting a party in Teila Resort!
I can't wait for it!
I got another mission on Route 5. Please end me.
That route is insufferably ashy. It's so hard to breathe there.
GIRL: Subject has become a threat.
OLDLADY?: Subject has caught on.
TOURIST??: Eradicate the threat immediately.
ALL: Destroy.
DRJENKEL: \PN!
DRJENKEL: Are you mad! You can't just stand around while extraterrestrials eat your brain!
Let's get out of here with my latest invention. The telemote! It's a remote and a teleporter.
MELIA: All right, \PN. You know where Route 5 is, right?
It's directly north of here. So just head down the stairs and head in that direction.
Let's get this over with and end this annoying chapter in our life, yeah?
Ever since Angie appeared, a lot of the jungle has been sectioned off to the public.
First she took over Kristiline Town, and then sends a Pokemon to harass the people of Kakori.
We're going to have to do something about her soon...
Remember to stay safe while traversing through the Terajuma Island region. It's filled with powerful Pokemon!
Aquamarine Cave is famous for its pure water and indoor beaches.
The cave is also surprisingly chilly, so if you ever want to cool off from the harsh rays of sunlight...
Head on over to Aquamarine Cave!
HENRIETTA: Why am I not surprised to see your dashing smile, \PN?
We're doing a story on the trainers here in Kakori Village, but we're short on one filming slot.
Care to make a donation? With battling, of course.
What a scoop!
HENRIETTA: Mmm, yeah! Yeah! That's exactly what I'm looking for!
That's exactly what we need. Thanks again, \PN!
HENRIETTA: Hm, is that all? Well we got the footage we needed... not necessarily what we wanted...
Thanks anyway.
HENRIETTA: How would you like to help us shoot some footage for our new show?
Too late! The camera's already rolling!
HENRIETTA: Yeah, that's satisfactory! Thanks for the battle, kid!
Hey, what's your name?
...
\PN is it? Well \PN, we got some great footage! Thank you!
HENRIETTA: Thank you, \PN! We have great footage because of you!
HENRIETTA: Maybe we'll get the footage we want one day...
"Come to Teila Resort tomorrow for an awesome bash hosted by -the- talented Amber Von Brandt!"
A Pokemon Ranger's job is never done! There's always a task that needs tending to!
JEFF: Why would anyone want to live in such a humid place like this...?
"Route 5 - Valor Path".
BREEDER: Scientists say that you need some more training.
And they're right.
Whenever you're ready to fight, I'll be here!
BREEDER: Come back anytime!
RANGER 1: Halt! No one gets into the village at this time!
RANGER 2: Who says "halt" nowadays? Can you pull back a little bit?
Clearly they're just trainers who were going through the jungle.
MELIA: And we've been through the entirety of the jungle due to the vine problem.
RANGER 1: Ah, yeah. That's something we may or may not know about.
RANGER 2: We know about it.
VALARIE: Well, our group took care of the problem.
More specifically, \PN, but...
RANGER 1: Wh-What?! You guys took care of it?
We've been chasing that Carnivine for weeks now!
MELIA: It's the truth, though. You're welcome to go see for yourself.
RANGER 2: Are you buying this?
RANGER 1: No, not really.
MELIA: There was nothing else we could do...
This isn't my first time in the village. Does "Melia' ring a bell to anyone?
RANGER 2: No, sorry. You guys are going to have to leave.
???: Hold on... Melia? I know that name and voice!
Open the gates!
RANGERS: Eep! Yes, Crawli sir!
CRAWLI: Melia?! You're back!
Where have you been? Last time we met you just left without a goodbye.
MELIA: Nice to see you again, Crawli. Sorry it's been so long.
CRAWLI: Hey, no worries. Just happy to see you again.
These guys your companions?
MELIA: Definitely! We have \PN, Valarie, Adamn, Braixen, and Aelita with us.
VALARIE: Pleased to meet you.
ADAM: Sup.
BRAIXEN: Greetings.
AELITA: Heya hiya!
CRAWLI: Wait, did you say \PN?
MELIA: Hm...? Oh, yes I did!
CRAWLI: \PN, you probably don't recognize me, but we've met once before.
You helped me take care of that issue at Goldenwood Forest, remember?
MELIA: I'm sorry, Goldenwood Forest issue? Did something happen there again?
CRAWLI: There was a problem with a Rift being going haywire in the area.
I wasn't able to take care of it, but \PN swooped in and saved the day!
MELIA: \PN you've been helping the world while I've been gone, haven't you?
I'm... really happy to have someone like you as a friend.
CRAWLI: \PN sure is something else, that's for sure!
CRAWLI: Hello everyone. It's nice to meet you!
In any case, you guys look extremely worn out.
ADAM: Worn out? Maybe these chumps are, but not me.
BRAIXEN: Adam, you've been on the verge of tears since we got here. Hush.
MELIA: We've been through a lot. Do you mind if we stay here for a little while?
VALARIE: Please... if only for a night. I need a warm shower. PLEASE.
CRAWLI: W-Well, you'll all be pleased to know that we definitely do provide warm showers.
The Ranger HQ is located at the most northern part of the village.
Meet me there when you've all settled. We can talk more there.
MELIA: Thank you, Crawli. We really, really appreciate it...
MELIA: Alright, you all heard Crawli. We'll meet up at the Ranger HQ when we're ready to discuss things.
Despite everything that's happened, it would be unwise to rush through things.
Above all else, we should put our mental and physical health at top priority.
If you wish to explore the village and or the jungle before meeting, it would be recommended to do that now.
VALARIE: That's a nice suggestion, but I'm gonna have to give the jungle a hard pass.
I think I'll just stick to the village for now, thanks.
BRAIXEN: Going to have to agree with Val. It was fun, but I am so, so, so, so over it.
ADAM: I-I'm not on the verge of crying. Screw you, Braixen.
AELITA: Actually, I think I'm gonna hang outside the village and just think to myself.
I won't be late to the meeting. I just need some time to myself.
MELIA: Guess that just leaves you and I, \PN.
I've already been to Kakori, and like everyone else, I'm forever done with the jungle.
So I guess I'll just head straight to the Ranger HQ and wait for everyone else to be ready.
Au revoir, \PN. I shall see you soon.
"Come to Teila Resort tomorrow for an awesome Cook Off hosted by -the- talented Amber Von Brandt!"
Yes
No
I sure did.
It was a tough battle...
I lost.
[Map299]
SLOWPOKE: ... Yawn?
Slowpoke looks really lazy.
Gift Slowpoke a Gourmet Treat?
...
Slowpoke happily enjoys the treat.
Slowpoke decides to go on a murderous rampage and attacks!
Slowpoke is too good for you.
It ignores you.
I just saw a bunch of people head up this way. What in the world do they need to do at Valor Mountain?
\PN found one of Dragonite's letters!
That's all of Dragonite's missing deliveries!
Locked.
\PN turned the key and unlocked the door!
Only certified people are allowed to pass through this point. You'll have to come back when you have permission.
SAILOR: Eh? Do you need somethin'? I'm here workin' an honest job.
For $3,000, I take residents of Kakori Village up to East Gearen City.
Would you like me to give you a ride back to the city?
What'll it be?
Excellent! Let's be on our way!
NOVAE: ...Hm?
NOVAE: Oh! What another coincidence! You've accepted my help request, \PN!
This is awesome. After the last two times, I've come to the conclusion that you're the perfect opponent!
And it's because of Rorim that my confidence in battle has come back!
Let's have fun with this!
Ah, and such is fate.
NOVAE: Battling here is so much different than it is in Alola...
Oh, I can't remember if I told you this, \PN... But I'm from Alola!
I came to this region with 5 of my other family members.
We've separated so that we could hone our skills in private, but...
I do miss them...
???: Darling, I believe the feeling on that is mutual.
NOVAE: Oh...! Another coincidence! Rorim B.?! You're here too?!
RORIM: Less of a coincidence and more of I live here, sweetie!
The real coincidence is that we're all here at the same time and place.
But honey, that's no coincidence. That's destiny.
NOVAE: Destiny, huh?\| You're right.
I too, have a destiny. One that I'm working hard to fulfill.
RORIM: And honey, I'm sure you'll succeed.
Just do us all a favor and don't let it control you.
NOVAE: Thank you, \PN, and thank you Rorim!
I'm going to be going away for a while now.
But I'll be taking the knowledge you two have given me and apply it in every way I can.
RORIM: We'll be rooting for you, darling! Go get 'em!
Novae found newfound courage and strength to continue on her adventure!
\PN and Rorim saw her off with smiles and support!
I got the okay from Crawli. It looks like you're all clear to pass through this route. Be cautious.
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
Protip. Don't become a ranger because you'll have to have shifts on smelly routes like this one.
Seriously, it's not worth your time.
Kaboom!
Whoa! What are you doing all the way out here?
You're stronger than I am? You'll do just fine out here by yourself.
Just don't get too cocky!
Yes
No
Yes - $3,000
[Map300]
PYUKUMUKU: Pyukumuk!
AELITA: A fight's about to break out \PN. Get ready!
VALARIE: How convenient. Zetta's met us by the door to Valor Mountain.
MELIA: Stop messing around!
ZETTA: Messing around? Give me a break. I'm just here for some quality time.
Besides, turns out we didn't exactly pick the best place to hold a negotiation.
VALARIE: What are you talking about?
ZETTA: Valor Mountain is a sacred place. And as such, there are certain "quirks" that prevent us from traveling through the mountain.
Between those\c[6] three Relics and all the magma, it wasn't that easy!
But we made it through, and we're all waiting for a certain girl to show her face.
MELIA: And how am I supposed to do that?
ZETTA: You have Hapi, don't you? You could just fly over right now and we could all be done with this.
But you don't want to, do you? Because you don't want to do it alone?
You know you have no chance against all of us so you're dragging your friends into this.
MELIA: ...
You're wrong...
ZETTA: Look, it's totally fine, I get it. Anyway, if you want to go through the whole route of "dragging" your friends...
You'll have to go through some hoops first.
The top of the mountain is surrounded by a thick layer of smoke.
Trying to fly through it will have you unconscious before even get close to the top.
The only way is to go through the inside, and to do that you'll have to collect three keys.
ZETTA: The vast majority of the mountain is hidden behind a security system.
To get past this, three keys must be obtained and presented.
ZETTA: Luckily for you all, big bro Zetta found all three of these keys inside the mountain!
I've taken each one of them and scattered them around the island.
ZETTA: Don't you just love me for being so helpful?
MELIA: So you're going to make us run around looking for these keys?! Why?
ZETTA: Because we're not miracle workers. We need prep time too!
Oh, and just so you're aware... The mountain is filled with magma.
So I'd find a way to cross magma safely before you decide to pop your head in.
ADAM: You guys are cowards.
ZETTA: Call us whatever you like. By the way, you guys sorta forgot somethin'...
VALARIE: Forgot something?
ZETTA: Oh, nothing...
But I feel like it's a little irresponsible of you guys to leave a ship full of refugees unattended while there are bad guys like me running around.
Catch my drift?
VALARIE: Oh my... The shore!
ADAM: Val, wait for us!
MELIA: Zetta... You monster. This isn't over! We'll be back.
ZETTA: We'll be waiting, and this time we'll settle the score.
Oh, and I know we're making you guys busy and all, but don't take too long.
We may get "bored" and have a little accident with Nim.
MELIA: We screwed up! We shouldn't have left the shore unattended...
We need to get back and make sure everyone is okay!
BRAIXEN: Something doesn't feel right about this...
\PN found one of Dragonite's letters!
That's all of Dragonite's missing deliveries!
MELIA: I thought you were supposed to be on the top of the mountain?
It's polite of you to surrender yourself to us!
ZETTA: Hey, don't get used to it. I just wanted to see how the crew was!
BRAIXEN: Well we're doing just fine. No thanks to you!
ZETTA: Really quivering in my boots here, Braixen.
How are you even talking anyway?
MELIA: Zetta, you didn't come down here for petty talk and cheap insults.
What are you doing here?
ZETTA: Man, you kids today are so damn impatient!
It pisses me off seeing how entitled you all are.
But I guess that impatience makes a lot of sense in a way.
Now I know where I got it from.
MELIA: What are you talking about?
ZETTA: No more time for talk! Come get me!
BRAIXEN: Feel my flames!!
I never stood a chance... did I?
BRAIXEN: My flames felt terrible right? Good.
VALARIE: What a waste of time.
AELITA: Not so confident anymore, huh? Should've known it wasn't so easy to take us out!
MELIA: You're done, Zetta. Stand aside and resign.
ZETTA: You all would like that, wouldn't you?
Sorry, but I think my ride is here.
MELIA: G-Giratina!
ZETTA: Can you catch me? We'll just have to see.
MELIA: Don't let him get away!
AELITA: I...
I don't have a way to cross water yet, so I guess I'm stuck here...
MELIA: Be ready, \PN.
AELITA: Darn it... I'm so useless here. Sorry, \PN. I'll do better next time.
Catch Poliwag's attention?
\PN flashed the whistle and played a familiar tune.
POLIWAG: Poli!
Poliwag headed to Route 3!
ADAM: You wanna fight? Let's go!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
ADAM: This was unexpected.
DRAGONITE: ...
Dragonite seems to be pointing at its mail bag again...
Help Dragonite look for the missing deliveries... again?
DRAGONITE: Dwago...!
Dragonite looks pleased!
DRAGONITE: Dwago...
Dragonite looks pretty disappointed.
DRAGONITE: Dwago?
\PN handed Dragonite the letters he dropped.
DRAGONITE: Dwago!
Dragonite looks really thankful!
Dragonite flew off!
Dragonite holds up four claws. Maybe there are four letters?
Yes
No
[Map301]
KRABBY: Kluk Kluk Kluk Kluk!
???: Hey, hold up!
SAM: Hey \PN! Are you heading to Teila Resort?
ALEX: You're so lucky... I would love a vacation at a place like that.
SAM: We have far too much work to do. A vacation is out of reach for now.
ALEX: Sigh... I know. Let a girl dream, damn!
By the way, we heard how you defeated Crawli.
Congratulations! It takes a lot of strength to be able to take down our leader.
SAM: Yeah, we were super impressed!
ALEX: We've been training hard ourselves. So we wanna know how we'd fare against you!
SAM: Get ready!
Yikes, I can see how Crawli lost now...
Wow, you really are strong!
ALEX : Ah well, we did our best.
Crawli was right when he said your strength was impeccable.
SAM: All it means is that we need to get stronger for the sake of Terajuma Island!
If someone is stronger than Crawli, then they can do whatever they want here.
Just like that Angie person in Kristiline.
ALEX: Speaking of which, Crawli trained Sam and I to be elite operative Rangers!
SAM: Uh huh. He trained us so well that we ended up becoming stronger than him!
It's okay though, he seemed pretty happy about it.
ALEX: That's why we've volunteered to go face Angie ourselves.
If Angie refuses to listen to us, then we'll just have to resort to force.
SAM: Good luck with whatever you're doing, \PN.
ALEX: Yeah, good luck! Speak to you soon!
"Come to Teila Resort tomorrow for an awesome Cook Off hosted by -the- talented Amber Von Brandt!"
"P.S. Bring me presents".
KINGLER: lllaaaarr!
NEPTUNE: My endurance today was truly tested by you today.
When all 5 of those shards are brought together, something will happen.
However, the 5th member of our clan is still out training.
I doubt you will be able to find her.
ADAM: So this way leads to the Fire Trial? Pfft.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Sardines...
Sardines?
Sardines! SARDINES!
That Carnivine really seems to have disappeared.
It's too bad the vines didn't go away with it.
Aquamarine Cave has a ton of clear water. You can see right through it and see the ground!
CLAMPERL: ...
This Clamperl looks hungry.
Feed Clamperl the Gourmet Treat?
...
The Clamperl is filled with energy!
Clamperl jumps towards you!
Clamperl looks at you with distaste.
It ignores you.
Oh, I'm sorry, you can't come this way yet.
The vine problem is still very prevalent here and we're still trying to get rid of them all.
Eugh, you reek of soot and ash. Have you been to Route 5 lately?
You smell like sweat!
Go roll in some perfume!
Darn, I planned to go through Aquamarine Cave, but I forgot a Pokemon with Surf...
Now I can't even get to the cave itself!
I'm surprised to see that you got through Aquamarine Cave!
The Pokemon in there are too scary for me to even consider going through there.
"Aquamarine Cave".
Yes
No
[Map302]
I see a light at the end of the tunnel...
No, seriously, I'm not trying to be metaphorical or whatever.
Across the water is a very bright light. But how do you get over there?
VALARIE: This is Aquamarine Cave?\| This place is... absolutely beautiful!
I've read about this place before, but I haven't seen it until now.
The temperature drop is super appreciated after being on this hot island for so long.
MELIA: Yeah... The heat was really starting to get to me.
It's a shame we can't stay here long. The exit is just down the path.
VALARIE: A damn shame for sure...
VALARIE: Yeah, we should stay here for a bit!
Besides, we've covered a lot of the island already, right?
We should take a look around and see if Saki ended up somewhere in here.
MELIA: It's true that the possibility of Saki being here is quite high...
Okay, it's decided then! We'll go through the cave in search of Saki!
VALARIE: Awesome. Should we start?
MELIA: Yeah, that's true. We're wasting time we don't really have.
So let's get to Teila Resort as soon as possible.
VALARIE: I guess you're right. Man, this really sucks.
MELIA: Oh...
WORKER: Sorry about that guys. Some Spheal were playing too rough, and as a result the stairs collapsed.
If you want to get to Teila Resort, you're going to have to go the long way around.
MELIA: Looks like we're exploring the cave anyway.
VALARIE: Oh thank goodness.
I... I mean, oh darn... I sure do miss that... humidity...
MELIA: You don't have to hide your enthusiasm, heh.
To tell you the truth, I'm a little happy as well. If it can't be helped, then there's no use complaining.
\PN, Valarie, let's make our way around the long way!
\ts[1]ROOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAR!!!
The echo in this cave is amazing! You can hear my voice for so long!
Here, why don't you give it a try?
VALARIE: Oh, thank goodness.
I used to run a Fishing Contest in Kristiline Town, but it was far too popular.
People fished too much and the population decreased too quickly.
Ah well, it's not a big deal. Though, I'm sort of out of work now.
Hey kid, if you ever see something that fits my need, give me a call!
Goldenwood Forest? Hm...I might as well check it out.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
It seems like some of the wild Pokemon from the cave broke the stairs while playing.
It's troublesome, but we've got nothing to do but fix their mess.
Do we have to leave...?
We shouldn't idle our time
We shouldn't idle our time.
[Map303]
ADAM: The people here at the mines don't see much, so I dunno how much we're gonna dig up.
...Pun not intended.
It's a mysterious rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
\PN got an ore!
The rock seems too hard to break.
The rock has lost all of its luster.
These drills can be such a pain in the ass to use. I don't want to be here anymore!
Sorry, even if I did see an "Aelita", I wouldn't have noticed.
I've been trying to get this damn drill to do what I want! Grahh!
Keep it moving, there's nothing to see here.
???: This isn't even surprising. You're useless.
Go through the wall?
But this part of the wall looks weird. Push it?
Adam crushed this rock to pieces!
It seems to be a dead end...
???: And...t.....h.....
GUARD: So that's what this whole place is for?
GUARD2: That's what Neved told me, anyway.
Apparently after the failure at Carotos and Goldenwood Forest, Madame X proposed this plan.
To capture and destroy all of the strong trainers of the region.
GUARD: I can understand kidnapping Valarie and the other Leaders, but what about the civilians of Akuwa Town?
GUARD2: Bait, probably.
GUARD: Bait? For whom?
GUARD: The one who started this all. That\c[6] strong trainer from Gearen City.
Supposedly their name is \PN. Talk about the works.
I tried winning a night at the Prestige Room, but at this rate I don't think that's ever going to happen.
Valarie is just too strong. She mows down anyone in her path.
Aelita? I've been down here for a while and I haven't seen anyone like that.
Not that I've necessarily talked to anyone but myself, so.
???: You don't get to talk to me about this! Just shut up!
???: So... You idiots were finally smart enough to find this passageway, huh?
Well get this, idiot. I prepared for this moment! I bet you didn't even see me hide underneath that table, huh?
Now I'm gonna-
...
Wait a sec...
PIANOLADY: Y-You're \PN! I'm... I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to slug you like that.
I never expected you to just walk through the hidden corridors here.
I thought a Guard finally found me all the way back here.
But no, it's you! That means they got you too...
PIANOLADY: You've come here to save us?
What would you say if I said I already knew?
Heh, your friends snuck down here earlier. They're waiting for someone's signal?
PIANOLADY: In that case, I'm here to support.
Believe it or not, I've met your friends already. They snuck down here earlier.
And by "here", I mean the cells.
PIANOLADY: Don't say such things. We're going to get out of here, don't you worry!
If you really believed that, then why would your friends come all the way down here to push forward their plan of escape?
Heh, that's right, I know allllll about the plan. I spoke with those three a while back.
But I usually hang in here because it's where -I- want to be. Not where those criminals want me to be.
This room is connected to my cell. Here, come take a look.
???: And they brought her to this place... I can't really say where...
VALARIE: So this is it... I've never gotten this close to one before.
ADAM: I have, it's nothing special. It just looks like a floating sword.
SAKI: By taking a quick look, the stand beneath it is flushing out some kinda force, keeping it airborne.
The glowing white particles must be the main "cause" of the phenomenon with our Pokemon freezing up.
If there were some way to describe it, It seems like it's "hacking" into our Pokemon's brains.
It sends commands to them whenever the Sigils sense any sort of violence towards it or whatever it's protecting.
Freaky sci-fi shiet, but that's what I've gathered anyway.
VALARIE: Anyway to deal with this then?
SAKI: Hm... Let's try a few things,\|\se[dexselect] boop!
VALARIE: Saki, what did you do?
SAKI: I just tried touching it! It wasn't me! I promise!
ADAM: It looks like it's some sort of pad. It's looking for a keycode.
VALARIE: What are the chances this is something the guards use to disable these things.
SAKI: Pretty high!
What do you think it could be? I read a book in the library the other day about some warrior and his Queen.
There was a number on the back of the book that was "80891".
Let's try it!
VALARIE: Wait, that's-
PANEL: Incorrect code. Calling nearby guard for assistance.
SAKI: AW SHIT.
NAH, I'M NOT GOING BACK TO JAIL.\| SCATTER!
GUARD: Tch... Not even here for a day and you're already causing trouble!
I'm afraid I'm going to have to bring you to the Warden's quarters.
You only have yourself to blame.
PIANOLADY: See? It's hidden behind a bookcase.
Because of that, I can roam out at night and not get in trouble.
Your friends should be in the next room over. There aren't any guards down here, but be careful!
SAKI: I tried asking people things, but uhhhh... I got nothing.
They're forcing us to mine in these damp conditions? It's too cold down here!
Hm... Aelita? I haven't interacted with anyone with that name, sorry.
Maybe someone else here has? Really hope you find your friend...
ADAM: Hey, you finally got a Mining Kit. Let me-
Wait a sec, this kit has the name "Billy" written on the side of it.
ADAM: Which means this "Billy" won't have enough ore to meet his own quota.
Sigh, I guess I'll do his work for him, just like Valarie and Saki.
ADAM: That's not funny, nor is it cool. But whatever, I don't care.
Since you stole this from little "Billy", I guess I'm going to have to do his work too. Figures.
Whatever, I don't mind. Much.
Now that you have a Mining Kit, you're now able to mine through certain stone.
Here at the castle, they're replenished each day so that people can complete their quota.
ADAM: It's real easy, just take your Mining Pick.
ADAM: See? It's easy. Try it yourself.
ADAM: You still don't have your Mining Pick? You have to visit the shop in the castle.
ADAM: Hey, good job. You seem like a natural, I think.
So now that the rocks are all mined, notice how they're only half-way plowed through?
That's because they're actually not completely mined out.
They can be mined through more if you have an item called "Blast Powder."
I just so happen to have one with me, so let's have you try it out.
ADAM: It's best I teach you this now, lest you accidentally blow off your hand later.
ADAM: I like rocks.
I like breaking them, and I like collecting what's inside.
Out of context that'd sound really bad, but you have full context.
Anyway, use that Blast Powder on the rock I mined through earlier.
ADAM: Oh, uh... I guess I just know this much from experience.
Back where I'm from, there's a cave called Sand Stream Cave.
There was a rock slide there once, trapping some kids on the lower floors.
I had to become an expert if it meant saving their lives, but uh.
Use that Blast Powder on that rock I mined through earlier.
Use it on the rock I mined earlier.
ADAM: When you're done mining all the rocks, come back to me.
ADAM: Use the Blast Powder on the rock I mined through earlier.
ADAM: That was pretty good. You may just live with both hands after all.
That's all we need, though. We both got enough ore to call it a day, so let's do that.
Besides, I bet Valarie's done with her tournament at the Battleground anyway.
???: Don't talk to me like that!
???: Maybe if you weren't so goddamn useless, this wouldn't have happened!
ADAM: ...
It's never just a peaceful day here.
Can't go this way!
VALARIE: Nothing from the people here. I don't think we're getting anywhere.
No idea what these gemstones are, but even I can tell that they exude a massive amount of energy.
Whatever Neved wants with them... I don't think it's good.
Have I seen or heard of a girl named Aelita? I don't think I have, sorry.
???: Hup...
???: TWO!
???: Ugh, well that was a waste of time...\| Spent all that time mining and there wasn't even any ore in it.
???: Can I help you?
SAKI: Adam, I made a new friend! This one's for real this time!
ADAM: A new friend? I'm sure this one will last.\| Just like Susie.
SAKI: Oh, just some girl I met here at the castle. I needed a new test- er, I mean friend!
Things went wrong and she went kablooey. She never wanted to see me again.
It happens, I promise! Sometimes things just don't work out, fam.
ADAM: Saki tested out one of her inventions on her and it went badly. Now Susie avoids her.
SAKI: Who cares anyway. I don't need fake friends.
Anyway, Adam, this is my new BFF, \PN! \PN, this is Adam.
ADAM: Hi.\| That's it.
SAKI: Don't mind Adam, \PN. He's what the cool kids call an introvert.
A man of few words, but those words... So special!
ADAM: Mregh...
SAKI: Say, I thought Valarie was supposed to be here with you? She dipped?
ADAM: Valarie said she's going to try and win that prestige room again.
So yeah, she dipped, and I did her work for her just in case she loses.
It's just like Val to do something unreasonable like battle at the Battleground.
Imagine losing there and not having your work done just in case.
That'd mean no food for the night, and then I'd have to deal with hungry Val.\| No thanks.
SAKI: True dat.
SAKI: Ohhh, I guess I haven't really explained much. I was gonna leave that to Val, but fineeeee...
So, \PN, everyday we're assigned tasks to do, and we HAVE to meet their quota, otherwise they don't feed us.
But there's a way out of this. If you compete at the Battleground competition and win, you don't have to do jack shit for the day!
That also includes sleeping in a super luxurious place called the Prestige Room!
ADAM: And as for why we have to do this? Why we're here at all?
SAKI: Yeah... No one really knows, oops. But it's not that bad! It's like a forced Summer vacation! Except it's Winter.
ADAM: Alright that's enough explanation. I'm going to go find Valarie.
SAKI: Aw hell yeah, I'm going with ya! She's at the Battleground, ye?
\PN, you wanna come along? Or do ya wanna stick around an explore?
You'll have a ton of time to do the latter later, trust me.
SAKI: Yes! Bon voyage! Let's skedaddle!
SAKI: Eh, that takes too long, I've tried. But okay, it's your decision!
See ya later, \PN!
No need to venture down further!
Do you want to use the Blast Powder?
GIRL: Yeah, I think I'll take a look lat-
GIRL: Lost? If not, you should get it. Get it? Get lost.
GIRL: Aelita? Ohhh, you must be talking about that girl with the purple hair, yeah?
Yeah, I've seen her, but that's none of your business.
???: Actually, it is our business.
GIRL: Whoa, whoa, whoa, what's all this then?
Who the hell do you guys think you are? I don't have to tell you all anything!
VALARIE: Actually, you do. That girl you mentioned before is a friend of ours.
We just wanna know where she is, and that's all.
GIRL: Information don't come free. You want it so badly? Then you'll have to fight for it.
SAKI: Target sighted. Let's take 'em down.
What in the hell? I don't want to give up that info yet! I was gonna sell it...
CICI: You guys are strong... I didn't expect that.
VALARIE: Now about our friend?
CICI: Alright, fine, but don't tell the guards I told you this.
I stay up past curfew, and last night was no different.
While everyone's downstairs sleeping, I'm roaming the castle for secrets.
And as I was just heading back before I got caught, I saw her-- With my peripheral.
She was being dragged by the Warden. By the hair and all.
No idea why, but that's just what I saw. Haven't seen her since.
VALARIE: So if anything, she may still be in the Warden's room.
But why? What makes her so special?
CICI: Help you? With what? What can we do?
If you're new here, you need someone to explain the situation better.
SAKI: Hey! There was a lot to talk about. It would've ruined the pacing~...
CICI: With what? Your Pokemon? Don't make me laugh.
You're strong,\c[6] but with the sigils still in place, you're powerless.
SAKI: Hm... I don't think I explained what those are yet. Stop moving on ahead!
VALARIE: \PN, have you seen those weird floating objects around the castle?
They're called Sigils. They're the reason why we cannot fight back.
ADAM: They make your Pokemon mindless.
If you try to attack anything that bears the same mark as the Sigil, they completely freezes up.
That includes the Guards, Warden, and the Castle itself.
CICI: Some of us have also tried escaping via the river in the Garden, or flying out.
But after a certain point, they just stop moving. They refuse to leave.
Not to mention that the Guards can take control of your Pokemon if they so desire.
Some kid with a Jolteon tried something cheeky and attacked a Guard, and...
ADAM: So, basically, we're screwed.
CICI: That's right, and you know what? I'm gonna go be screwed somewhere else.
With all due respect, you're strong, but you're not the kind of crowd I tend to hang around.
Don't bother us again, please.
ADAM: Don't worry, we won't.
CICI: Good.
SAKI: Shieeet, what are we gonna do now, Val?
VALARIE: Well, for one, we've got to figure out some way to escape.
But to do that, we're going to need our Pokemon to listen to our commands all the time.
ADAM: Which means we're going to have to deactivate the Sigils.
SAKI: Maybe I can figure something out? We could investigate the one here in the mines?
VALARIE: It's the only thing we've got right now.
ADAM: Let's go then. The day's ending.
All this mining... I can't take it anymore. I hate this.
No I haven't heard of Aelita. Please leave me alone now.
ADAM: What's the issue now?
BEAUTY: Oh good, people to listen to my complaints.
We both got our Mining Kits so that we can do our work, but guess what?
His Mining Kit is defective. Can you believe that?
ADAM: I can. So what's the issue? Just replace it at the castle.
BEAUTY: That's not the point! He's useless!
ADAM: I fail to see the correlation. Just go replace it and get back to work.
ROCKER: Thank you.
BEAUTY: Leave it to simple-minded people gathering simple-minded conclusions.
All three of you are just completely useless!
BEAUTY: DON'T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN!
ADAM: Calm down.
BEAUTY: What did I just say you moron?!
ROCKER: You need to seriously chill. Why are you acting like this?
BEAUTY: You all are SO annoying! SO, SO, SO, SO ANNOYING!
BEAUTY: I'm useless?! You're useless! You want to go?!
ADAM: Great, now you instigated the situation, \PN.
ROCKER: Very, very much so instigated.
BEAUTY: Fine, you want to annoy me? I can be annoying too!
GRAH. USELESS!
ADAM: What was the point of that?
BEAUTY: I got upset and needed to let out some steam. I'm sure you could understand, being that we're in the same damn situation.
ADAM: Actually, it's for that reason that I don't understand.
We're prisoners. The last people we should be fighting is ourselves.
So the next time you want to have a hissy fit over something this idiotic, think about that.
BEAUTY: ...
ROCKER: Sorry about her. She's just been having a rough time.
I know that's not an excuse, but it's a reason.
ADAM: Yeah, whatever.
Just put your foot down next time, or something.
ROCKER: Got it, yeah. Thanks again you two.
ADAM: People get so antsy for no reason. But that's to be expected.
Thanks for the help. Let's go see Valarie now.
Yes
No
We're getting out.
I'm here to help.
Yep, we're screwed.
I won it.
I stole it.
You're an expert, huh?
How do you know so much?
Who's this Susie person?
What happened to her?
Sure, I'll go!
I'll stay here and rot.
Help me save her!
I'll save her myself
Calm down.
You're useless!
[Map304]
???: Owie... Sorry about that. I'm in a rush. Please excuse me.
Ever wanted to make things more cinematic in your life?
Great! Cinematic bars will appear for you from now on!
When important things happen, something like this may happen.
Understand now?
But not everyone likes things this way. Would you like it to be less cinematic?
Ever wanted to make things less cinematic in your life?
Great! Cinematic bars will no longer appear for you!
"HP Room."
Do you want to slide the card?
\PN used the HP Card.
You hear a clunking sound...
You left the monitor alone.
I read a book that said there was an ancient civilization called the Garufa.
It didn't have too much information on them, but they did detail some things about their rituals.
Apparently they used Pokemon as sacrifices to create some sort of spiritual energy.
Isn't that just a little creepy? Pokemon as sacrifices...
Who would do such a thing?
Oh, are you the one who accepted my help request?
All right, well, I should probably tell you how it went down.
My Starly and I were walking down by the Petal Garden when some thugs ambushed me.
They took Starly because it's apparently an extremely rare Pokemon in Aevium.
They said they were going to sell Starly in the Badlands for a high price.
That's an extremely dangerous place and the quickest way to get there is by boat.
That means that they must be around Oceana Pier!
Please save my Starly!
I just hope it's not too late... I love that Starly so much.
Thank you so much, \PN! Starly was able to find its way back to me.
Your reward is ready for you at the Help Center.
Thank you again!
Starly is safe with me now!
Thank you so much!
Locked.
CLERK: Sorry, but this facility is only open to Pokemon Trainers.
Once you become one, you may return whenever you see fit!
CLERK: Hello! Welcome to the EV Training Facility.
In this area you can go up against trainers that specialize in a certain EV Yield.
Would you like to enter the EV Training Facility?
CLERK: Excellent! Please enjoy.
Have a nice day!
Your party has been healed!
JAN: Ah, \PN. Just the person I wanted to run into!
Would you mind coming with me for a moment?
There's a couple of things I would like to show you.
This Healing Star is deactivated...
Good luck, and choose your starter carefully!
Great choice! I'm sure you, and your Pokemon will accomplish great things!
W-What? What do you w-want...?
S-Stop talking to me, okay? I don't want you near me.
I-I said go away!
JAN: Welcome, \PN. This is where we keep all the good stuff.
There are a numerous amount of gadgets laid across the region that will aid you if you come across them.
Exhibit A.
JAN: This is a PC star. It acts as a remote PC storage system.
Now for Exhibit B.
JAN: This one is really important. This is the Gym Guide panel.
When you enter a Gym, you'll see these. Use them to call a special someone when you need advice.
When you defeat a leader, these will no longer work for you.
And finally, Exhibit C.
JAN: These are healing stars. A gold one and red one.
Gold stars can be used as many times as you want, but red ones are one time use only.
However, if you ever white-out, they'll all reactivate themselves.
Well, that's all I wanted to show you. You may test these machines out to your leisure.
Good luck out there.
You must be here because of my request, no?
So I was reading through some old historic text that proclaimed the history of Gearen, yada yada...
But there was one thing in particular that interested me.
It detailed of a never ending library that had untold knowledge of ancient civilizations and Pokemon.
I believe one of the ancient civilizations mentioned included the Garufa civilization.
If you are unaware of the Garufa civilization, it was a group of people who were completely against Pokemon.
They thought of them as vile pests.
There's more to them than that, but that's why I need help!
I need to know the secrets of the Garufa.
I doubt we'll be able to find it right away, but at least we can create some sort of lead.
There are three people I want you to gain information from.
A woman in Leaflet Garden. The receptionist at the Chrisola Hotel, and finally the leader of a local gang, Karrina.
A woman in Leaflet Park. The receptionist at the Chrisola Hotel, and finally the leader of a local gang, Karrina.
So what were your findings?
Hm... yes, so the library was built to last the greatest catastrophes.
Yes, this is very much true...
However, we do not know the circumstances of what their idea of a catastrophe was.
It's possible that they could not grasp the concept of an apocalyptic disaster occurring.
So what else have you found?
If that were the case, we would've found the library decades ago!
Um, I don't think the library hates... people. The people who made it probably do, though.
Well the library needs to stop being a little hipster if you ask me.
Hm, yes, that's true. The library was indeed intended for the access of the Garufa and the Garufa only.
But that could've been figured out by just hearing what I said.
Anything else?
... TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY!
Completely useless.
So Karrina hasn't found anything regarding the library in the tunnels of Gearen? Both Gearens?
Well, that gives me a lot of information actually!
If it's nowhere in the tunnels, which are vast, that must mean it's either under unknown areas or...
Submerged... underwater.
In both cases, I am royally screwed.
That was all the information I needed. Thanks for the help.
Your reward will be at the Help Center!
"Hidden Library" help request completed.
Sheridan Village has tunnels? Even so, geographically speaking, that's impossible.
Hm... while a possibility, I don't this is the case...
What nonsense is this? There is historical proof that this library exists.
If you're not going to take this seriously, I suggest you take your lack of reward and leave.
... The hidden library. You know, the thing I told you to ask around about?
I got a lot of information from your intel. Thanks a lot!
"Special Defense Room."
\PN used the Special Defense Card.
AMANDA: Hm? Are you \PN? Oh my gosh.
What took you so long to get here? I thought you ditched me!
Well, now that you're here we can get started!
"Speed and HP rooms".
"Special Attack Room".
\PN used the Special Attack Card.
"Special Attack Room."
AMANDA: Yeppers, I've got the new one with me right now.
AMANDA: Right this way, \PN!
???: Amanda.
AMANDA: Uh oh...
???: And where have you been?
I've tried getting in touch with you for weeks now. Why haven't you gotten back to me?
Also that hat is new. Did you buy it during your trip to Grand Dream City?
AMANDA: Oh you know... I've been busy and stuff.
And yes I bought this hat at GDC. Stylish, isn't it?
???: While you've been "busy" shopping, I've gone ahead and finished our project.
I need you to go deliver it to Zumi for me. She's presently studying at Magnolia Library.
AMANDA: Oh! You know, I would, but I'm sort of busy with \PN.
???: Another new trainer? I see.
AMANDA: Yep! \PN, meet Jan. Jan, meet \PN.
JAN: Nice to meet you, \PN. I'm Amanda's brother.
AMANDA: Yep! My bro here co-manages the league with me!
JAN: If by "co-manage" you mean "Jan does all the work while Amanda plays outside"...
Then yeah, I do co-manage.
AMANDA: You know I'm better with more hands on stuff, Jan. Plus, you're better with the paperwork.
I mean honestly, is it such a good idea to pin me with all the legal documentation the league requires?
JAN: ...I suppose you're right. If I left you with all that stuff you'd make sure everything burned down to the ground.
Anyway, since you're not willing to deliver this for me, I will myself.
AMANDA: Okay, you do that!
JAN: See you two later.
AMANDA: Right, back to business!
I'll meet you inside the actual lab, okay?
"Attack and Defense rooms".
Money is hard to come by in these parts. So make sure you spend every penny efficiently!
RANGER: Hello! I have a gift for you, \PN!
RANGER: That's a gift from Jan. He hopes you like it!
Use the Gym Guide panel?
JAN: Hey, it looks like you're trying out the Gym Guide panel after all?
Cat's out of the bag now. I'll be your Gym Guide for the duration of your adventure.
It'd only be fitting of the one who manages the league to do such a job, no?
...Or maybe it's counter-productive...
Whatever, you get the idea. I'll see you later!
Contact Jan?
...
Jan isn't responding.
"Special Attack and Special Defense Rooms".
My sister was aboard the S.S. Oceana. I hope she's safe...
Team Xen attacked Goldenwood Forest? Huh? I didn't think they had it in 'em.
SHANA: Hey, you have a badge don't you?
So I've been working on a little project of mine, and I was wondering if you'd like to be a part of it?
SHANA: Oh right, I guess I didn't really explain it yet.
A bunch of people, myself included, have created our own online Pokemon Fangame!
Since a lot of us are stuck within our respective areas due to whatever personal reason...
A lot of us can't really afford to go out and become Pokemon trainers.
That's why we created our own system!
The best part is, you don't have to train Pokemon or anything!
We provide players with a team generated by us.
It isn't out to the public yet because we need someone to help test it first.
Would you like to help us out?
SHANA: Great! You'll need this to get started.
This will hold every badge collected by our online league.
Whenever you're ready to take on our league, please say so!
SHANA: That's a shame, but I get it. If you change your mind I'll be here!
SHANA: Hm...? Oh, um... This is kind of awkward, but...
Could you come back when you have at least one badge?
It'll make a lot more sense when you have one badge.
SHANA: Hey, are you ready to participate?
SHANA: Great! Let's start off with some context.
You are Trainer \PN who started their journey in New Bark Town.
You picked your starter...
You picked your starter, Cyndaquil, from Professor Elm.
After a few days of travel, you've made it to Violet City and obtained an Onix.
You picked your starter, Totodile, from Professor Elm.
After a few days of travel, you've made it to Violet City and obtained a Phanpy.
You picked your starter, Chikorita, from Professor Elm.
After a few days of travel, you've made it to Violet City and obtained a Mareep.
Right now, you're about to face up against Gym Leader Falkner.
This is what he says...
"I'm Falkner, the Violet Pokmon Gym leader! People say you can clip Flying-Type Pokmon's wings with a jolt of electricity...
I won't allow such insults to bird Pokmon! I'll show you the real power of the magnificent bird Pokmon!"
SHANA: Here he comes!
...Darn! My Dad's cherished bird Pokmon... All right. Take this. It's the official Pokmon League ZephyrBadge.
SHANA: Wow... I'm impressed! Even with my modifications it wasn't enough to best you!
Alright, you've earned it \PN. Please take this Badge.
\PN got one \c[1]Virtual Badge!
SHANA: You can check the amount of Badges you've earned on the Badge Card.
Please come back when you have a second badge!
There are other dev members on this online fangame scattered throughout the region.
If you find them, please challenge them!
SHANA: Too bad! It looks like Falkner got the best of you.
I'll be here all the time so if you want to try again, I'll be here!
SHANA: Oh! You have at least two badges now! That means you can participate again!
Would you like to participate in testing again?
SHANA: Awesome! Okay, let's see where we left off...
SHANA: After defeating Falkner, you made your way to Azalea Town!
On your journey, your Cyndaquil evolved into Quilava!
While on Route 33, you catch a Hoppip and a Qwilfish.
On your journey, your Totodile evolved into Croconaw!
On the way, you found a Growlithe!
On your journey, your Chikorita evolved into Bayleef!
You also visited Bellsprout Tower and caught a Gastly!
But wait! You run into the criminal gang Team Rocket!
After a long encounter, you drive Team Rocket out of Azalea Town.
Now you make your way to the Azalea Town Gym and confront Bugsy.
"I'm Bugsy! I never lose when it comes to Bug-type Pokmon. My research is going to make me an authority on Bug-type Pokmon!
Let me demonstrate what I've learned from my studies."
Whoa, amazing! You're an expert on Pokmon! My research isn't complete yet. Ok, you win. Take this Badge.
SHANA: You defeated Bugsy! My modifications weren't enough again!
SHANA: That's all I have for you, actually. Nothing more I can do!
SHANA: Too bad! Bugsy reigns victorious!
SHANA: Please come back when you have a second badge!
ADRIENN: \PN, there you are... This is really not looking good.
We're not exactly sure what just happened, but... That Xen Grunt escaped... I think?
We can discuss more about it in the interrogation room.
Jan has granted you access to the bottom floors of the Gearen Laboratory.
"Attack Room."
\PN used the Attack Card.
If you catch a lot of Pokemon, there's a chance a phenomenon called Critical Capture will take place.
It increases your chances of catching a Pokemon by quite a lot!
JOY: Hello and welcome to the Gearen-
JOY: Oh! It seems as though you don't have any Pokemon with you.
I'm sorry, but my services are useless to you without Pokemon.
Please come back when you have Pokemon.
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Gearen City Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
Shiny Pokemon have a higher chance of appearing in Aevium-- Did you know that?
Hey, you look pretty tough. Do you want to battle?
Maybe I should acquire new skills...
You tipped the scales!
Nicely done!
Hah...
Your Pokmon have a fine trainer.
Alright, then. See you later!
Sorry, I'm pretty beat. Let's battle again in a day or so!
"Defense Room."
\PN used the Defense Card.
Hello! This is a trainer information center.
What would you like to know?
The Aevium league consists of 18 gym leaders, 8 Elite members, and one champion.
If a trainer wishes to challenge the Champion, they must first defeat all 18 Aevium leaders, and Elite 8 members.
After a certain level, a Pokmon may refuse to become stronger.
This can only be remedied if a trainer collects enough badges.
All of these "level caps" are inscribed on your trainer card for personal reference.
Thank you, and have a nice day!
JAN: Oh? You can see me?
That means you're a very special person. Did you know that?
I can't say that I know who you are exactly, but I can't help but feel like we've already been acquainted.
And you know what? That's enough for me.
Hey... This might sound a little weird, but I have a gift for you.
I have it set up somewhere cool, so you'll have to follow me for a bit.
Are you okay with that?
\c[6]Make sure you have room in your party before accepting!!!
JAN: Excellent. Let's be on our way then?
JAN: That's fine, come talk to me whenever you're ready.
AYA: Hey, I heard things with Witch went well. Good job.
Uh, anyway, I thought I would have another client ready by this point, but it seems this place isn't fully developed enough for companies.
Real assholes if you ask me. I mean, we did a lot of work already.
But it's fine. We'll get some offers later, I'm sure.
That's about it, though. You've done your job and you've done it well.
Your reward will be ready for you at the Help Plaza.
"Mall Opportunities" help request completed!
Beginning trainers come to the Gearen Laboratory to learn more about Pokemon and traveling!
One thing I learned is that Pokemon that ordinarily evolve via trade can evolve with the use of a Link Heart!
I'm not so sure where one would obtain such an item, though.
"Speed Room."
\PN used the Speed Card.
I got my first Pokemon from the Sensei of Sheridan Village, Keta!
Lately he's been in a slump, though. Hopefully he doesn't resign.
???: Zz...z....z...
Looks like she's sleeping.
JAN: \PN! Good to see you again. I mean, in the flesh at least.
I'm sure you're surprised by Gearen City's current appearance?
This was a project Zumi and I have planned for a long time, but it seemed so out of reach.
That's when I was contacted by a long-time friend of mine.
???: Hey, Jan! Did you get everything settled?
JAN: Huh? There's xem now.
???: I've already gathered the locals! Like as planned, this is going to be a community-based project!
Oh? I'm sorry, am I interrupting something?
JAN: Not at all. \PN, this is Adrienn. Adrienn, \PN.
ADRIENN: You're \PN?! I've heard a lot about you.
Everything you've done for this region has been incredible.
You know, in a way, you remind me of the Champion in the Reborn Region.
Similarly to you, they fought to take down Team Meteor.
Maybe one day you two shall meet.
JAN: \PN, Adrienn is from the Reborn Region.
Not only is xe a Gym Leader, but also the manager behind Reborn city's community.
Adrienn, along with a few of xer's friends, restored the Reborn region to what it once was.
ADRIENN: Jan, you flatter me. Really, I just did what had to be done.
Since you know... Um...\c[6] They weren't able to do it.
JAN: ...
ADRIENN: Haha, sorry... I didn't mean to put a damper on things.
What matters now is Gearen City's restoration.
It wasn't as bad as Reborn's state, but it definitely needed some work.
You just got back to the city, right \PN? Why don't I show you around?
JAN: You two go do that, but before you leave, Adrienn, I have what you need.
ADRIENN: Thank you! I'll get to work right away-- Well, er, after I show \PN around.
I'll be waiting outside. There's a lot to do, so please hurry!
JAN: There are other matters I must attend to. It was good to see you again, \PN.
By the way... Have you seen Amanda lately? I need to talk to her, but she won't answer my calls. never mind, it doesn't matter. She'll
appear whenever she decides to.
You seem like you're pretty strong! Say, do you want to battle?
Well, that's that.
Don't forget me!
Alright, see ya!
I'm beat... Come back another day, okay?
Yes
What do you mean?
No thanks
No
The Library is intact.
The Library was destroyed.
It doesn't exist, lol.
What?
The library is accessible to all
The library hates people!
The library likes decaf.
The library is closed off.
Library still doesn't exist, bro
Idk!
Gearen Tunnels.
Sheridan Tunnels.
Wait, what is it?
No thanks.
Sounds like fun!
Bring it on!
Cyndaquil
Totodile
Chikorita
Sure.
Maybe later.
Aevium League.
Pokmon Truancy.
No info needed.
Sure thing!
[Map305]
Sorry, but you don't have enough stamps to get to the next floor.
Gather more stamps and you'll be able to reach more floors!
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F,5F,6F,7F,8F,9F,10F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F,5F,6F,7F,8F,9F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F,5F,6F,7F,8F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F,5F,6F,7F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F,5F,6F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F,5F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F,4F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F,3F]
To which floor would you like to go?\ch[10,-1, 1F,2F]
First Floor | Receptionist.
Second Floor | Miscellaneous items.
Third Floor | Battle Items and EV training items.
Fourth Floor | Battle Items & Medicine!
Fifth Floor | Exotic Berries.
Sixth Floor | Powerful Gems.
Seventh Floor | Battle Ready Items.
Eighth Floor | Powerful TMs.
Ninth Floor- Evolutionary Stones + More.
Tenth Floor | Penthouse.
Hey... I want to see Gible... Show me a Gible...
I'll tell you a secret of mine in return...
So what do you say...?
I'm sad...
Yes... This is what I wanted to see... You've made me very happy...
I will tell you a secret then... But first, take this...
There's an altar somewhere on Terajuma Island... If you bring a Dark Matter as well as this Dark Core... something interesting may happen.
Very well then...
If you bring a Dark Matter, as well as the Dark Core to an altar somewhere on Terajuma... Something interesting may happen, hehe...
This place has everything and anything!
I need more stamps so that I can actually get those things, though...
"Potent Technical Machines!"
Hello! Do you have any questions about stamps?
RECEPTIONIST: There are certain sponsors around the region that hand them out to trainers that help them.
Being a good person may land you a stamp or two!
RECEPTIONIST: There are ten floors in this building, so there are ten stamps.
RECEPTIONIST: You have...
One stamp!
Two stamps!
Three stamps!
Four stamps!
Five stamps!
Six stamps!
Seven stamps!
Eight stamps!
Nine stamps!
Ten stamps!
You have every single stamp possible! Congratulations!
RECEPTIONIST: Come again!
"Battle Ready Items!"
"Exotic Berries!"
"Powerful Gems!"
RECEPTIONIST: Hello! Is this your first time here?
RECEPTIONIST: Yep, you must be new. I've never seen your face before!
Are you aware with how our store works?
We work on the stamp system.
The more stamps you have, the more floors you can access!
Here, I'll give you one stamp for entering for the first time!
\PN got their Trainer Card stamped!
If you have any questions about how stamps work, please ask!
I heard there's something glorious on the top floor of the building.
I wonder what it could be??
"Battle Items & Medicine!"
Wow! You have at least 8 stamps as well? You almost never see anyone up here!
I heard that someone is offering a stamp at the Central Building for completing their request.
Maybe I should head on over there and check it out...
"Battle Items & Evolution Stones!"
I heard there was someone in West Gearen who has a stamp to give away.
Maybe I should go there sometime...
"Miscellaneous Items!"
I got a stamp from-\nW-Wait, don't mind me. J-Just...never mind.
Don't tell anyone, but I'm using my parent's stamps without their permission!
I heard that there are only 300 stamps in the city.
Only very few people reach the top floor.
The berries here are exotic and rare. You won't find them anywhere else... Maybe!
Sure, strange lady.
Ew, no.
How do I get stamps?
How many stamps exist?
How many do I have?
No thanks.
[Map306]
There seems to be a bunch of movie posters placed upon the wall.
There's something at the bottom of the poster...
"Hey, I ordered these posters online and they just came in today!
They're of the movies you, Ren and I saw the other week!
Finding your favorite movie poster was a bitch, so I gave up, but I hope the rest is still awesome! - Venam".
It's a desktop computer. It looks like you can insert certain tapes and CD's here.
\PN inserted Melia's audition tape.
The computer is loaded with Melia's audition tape.
The computer is on, but the monitor is completely blank.
It's a suitcase filled with essential items. Looks like it wasn't too long until Melia was going to be picked up...
It seems to be an acceptance letter of some sort.
"Congratulations, Melia! You have been chosen to represent the Normal Type in the Aevium League.
All attributes from your in-office interview and audition tape have been reviewed by the committee and the higher ups.
We are proud to say that you were the top applicant!
Your Gym will be held at Blakeory Athenaeum at the Scholar District of Grand Dream City.
If everything is correct, please send in your response and you will be picked up promptly from your current place of residence.
Thank you for applying and we hope to hear from you soon!"
It's a picture of Melia and Prof. Jenner! They seem really happy.
MELIA: And that's pretty much the video! Thanks to my two good friends Ren and Venam for joining!
And of course, thanks to my dad for filming all of this for us!
REN: I-It was no big deal. Anything to help!
VENAM: For once I agree with that nerd!
And hey, Amanda! I know you're watching this back wherever you are!
Melia's a good candidate and you should totes hire her! You won't regret it!
MELIA: V-Venam, that's enough! I'm going to ask both of you to leave now.
REN: Alright, alright. You heard the lass. Let's leave now, Venam.
VENAM: Fine...
Hey, Ren, I was thinking about getting purple hair. I think blue doesn't really fit me.
REN: Hey, you do what you want! If I say something and you end up hating it, you'll blame me!
MELIA: Heheh... My friends...
Now that they're gone, I want to talk seriously now.
Despite all that silly stuff, I really do think I'd be a good candidate for this.
Although my main occupation happens to be an assistant researcher...
I really do think my talent shines through battling, so...
All I'm asking for is one shot at this. I know I can get the job done if I really put my mind to it!
That's all I have to say for now, though. Thanks for watching and I hope you all have a wonderful day and or night.
MELIA: H-How did I do, dad?
PROFJENNER: You did perfect.
It's a shiny mirror that looks exceptionally clean and smudge free.
This seems to be a bunch of back-and-forth notes between Jenner and Melia...
Read them?
"Hey, I know I don't see you that often because of work, but how about we grab dinner sometime? I have a lot to tell you! - Jenner"
"Ooh, I've been in the mood for some tasty food. Those jobs you send me on are brutal ya know!
Let's discuss a time and place ok? :) - Melia"
Read some more?
"Hey, can I go sleep over at Venam's house? There's going to be a really rad movie night and I don't wanna miss it! Plzz <3 - Melia"
"As long as you get all your work done and clean your room, it's fine with me. Seriously, clean your room. It's awful. </3 - Jenner"
Read more?
"You seemed a little sad today. Is everything okay? I don't like it when you're so down. It makes me sad too, you know? :( xoxo - Jenner"
"Yeah... I was just being teased by some of the kids on Route 1.
They told me that Hapi wasn't ever going to evolve with a trainer like me raising it...
I'm just wondering... if it's really okay for me to have a Pokemon? Am I really up to the task?
I dunno, the other kids make it seem so easy. I'll get over it probably. Don't worry about it. - Melia"
"Now, now. Perfection comes with time. You're still new and you have a lot to learn.
But that doesn't mean you're not doing a good job already!
When I was small, it took me 3 years for my Klink to evolve fully into Klinklang. These things just take time. Believe in yourself.
Whenever you think you're alone, just remember that I'm your #1 fan and I'm always rooting for you! :0] - Jenner!"
"You're such a drama queen, you know that?? But I appreciate your words a lot. I won't lose hope again. Love you, Dad. - Melia"
"P.S. Where did you put my audition CD? It was on the table, but now I can't find it...
"Oh right... It fell on the floor so I picked it up and placed it inside the wardrobe. - Jenner"
"Oh good, I thought you took it to share it to your co-workers... That video is so, so, so, embarrassing. -Melia"
MELIA: Ahem...
MELIA: M-My name is Melia. I-I'm from East Gearen City!
As you know I'm here today to audition for the Normal-Type Gym Leader position.
I have created a video, the one you're watching, to showcase my many skills that would aid my position.
After all the attributes are shown, I recommend watching over and reviewing each one in order to really get what I'm capable of!
Even if I am not chosen, I hope that you at least consider me for any future position!
Th-Thank you for watching and-
VENAM: Ah-hahaha... oops...
MELIA: P-Please enjoy the video and th-thank you for your consideration!!!
It's a Clefairy Doll. The tag says "Department of Dreams".
Yes
No
[Map307]
NANCY: Phew... Damn, that was way too close.
But that's where the fun comes in, right?
\PN: No... Cosmia, I... don't want to do this anymore.
Why are we doing this?
COSMIA: Sigh...
How many times do I have to tell you not to call me Cosmia when I'm in a disguise.
COSMIA: But fine. If you're so inclined to, I can at least show my true colors.
Why don't you show yours too?
Oh, that's right. You can't! You're stuck like that, so shut your mouth.
God, you're so annoying, Comet.
COMET: ...
COSMIA: Such an ANNOYING brother you are. Didn't you hear me?
COMET: I heard you loud and clear.
COSMIA: Brainless. Completely brainless.
Whatever, our time here is up. We can't keep pretending to be dead bitch and muteopath anymore.
We'll just get our asses caught. Not cool.
COMET: What am I going to do...?
COSMIA: Just change!
COMET: You just reminded me that I couldn't...
You know it's not that easy, Cosmia...
COSMIA: YOUBTH KNOWBTH ITHB NOTBTH THATBHT EASYTBH COSMIABTHHHHH!
I don't care if it's easy or not. Choose another look or I'll kick your ass. Simple.
COSMIA: After you do that, we can proceed to step 2 with our plan, remember?
Just endure my annoying attitude for just a little while longer and we're out of danger zone, kid!
Heck, if you're tempted to, you could even leave me forever, but we all know how dependent you are.
All right, let's leave. No need to stick around here anyway.
HUEY: You said they did stuff like talk shows here, right?
LAVENDER: Usually, but I don't think this is going to be your usual talk show.
HUEY: What gives you that impression?
LAVENDER: ...Nothing but a hunch. Not reliable, but...
Let's just pay attention and make sure we don't miss a single thing.
ANNOUNCER: Attention guests. The show is about to begin.
Please keep Pokemon confined in their Pokeballs.
Keep all electronic devices off or put them on silent. Thank you.
Thank you.
LAVENDER: Remember, be attentive.
???: Hello, hello! Hello everyone, thank you for coming!
NANCY: Yes, welcome everyone here! Thank you all for coming!
NANCY: Yes, what a beautiful crowd we have today! Just lovely!
We will go about our normal business today, but first I want to introduce you all to a very special guest!
NANCY: Please come out and say hello to our audience...
\PN!
HUEY: W-Wait, that's...
LAVENDER: Uh...
\PN: Uh, hello everyone. How's it going?
NANCY: Now, now, there's no need to be shy.
Please forgive them, everyone. This is their first time being on stage.
\PN: Yeah, I'll get better at this... I hope.
NANCY: Ahaha... eh.
That aside, we'd like to announce that the special event with last weeks' winner went flawlessly!
Before we start today's show, we'd like to announce the winner for this week!
Now let's get a good look at our audience today and see which lucky soul wins the raffle!
Now let's look... and look-
\PN: ...Oh no.
NANCY: Now, now, \PN. Less "oh no-ing", and more-
\PN: Cos-\|, I mean, Mom... Look at the audience in the front row...
NANCY: Eh?
NANCY: Oyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiy!!!
NANCY: B.
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-But...! They're... not supposed to be here!
\PN: W-what do we do?
NANCY: I'm so very sorry everyone, but the show is being cancelled due to unforseen circumstances.
CROWD: What?!
CROWD: I skipped work for this!
CROWD: You can't do this! We spent so much on these tickets!
NANCY: Yes, yes, I'm so very sorry, but we must end the show a little early tonight.
Please remember that tickets are non-refundable! Thank you have a nice night!
HUEY: I've never seen any show here. I wasn't able to afford buying a ticket because they were always so expensive.
HUEY: So... Anyone wanna talk about what just happened?
LAVENDER: There was another \PN on that stage... But why?
HUEY: \PN, do you know anything about this?
HUEY: Hm... I didn't think so. Just don't look at me like that, I was just asking...
LAVENDER: This didn't go so well. We didn't even get to see the whole show.
They saw \PN and ditched the entire thing.
HUEY: Maybe the fact that they ditched is important?
LAVENDER: Yeah... It is suspicious. Very suspicious.
HUEY: We should go find the others and tell them about this.
Rhodea told me she was thinking about taking the group to Mika's Caf.
She's most likely there with the rest.
LAVENDER: Perfect. Let's make our way there now.
???: Stop right there.
???: What have you three done?
LAVENDER: What are you talking about?
???: The show ended abruptly the moment Nancy saw you three.
By her reaction, it's obvious that you three clearly interrupted her in some way.
And by the looks of it, the culprit is clear.
You there. The shabby looking one behind Huey.
HUEY: Y-You know my name?
???: Be quiet. You will not speak unless spoken to.
???: You clearly look like Nancy's child, \PN, yet...
You were in the audience, and not the stage.
Why are there two of you?
LAVENDER: Who are you to talk to us in such a manner anyway?
We are not obligated to answer any of your questions.
???: My name is Thomas. Thomas Blakeory.
You WILL remember that name.
HUEY: Thomas Blakeory...?! Aren't you the next heir to the Blakeory Foundation?
THOMAS: No, I am not. That title goes to my step- sister, Saki Blakeory.
LAVENDER: Aren't you older than Saki? Why aren't you the heir of Blakeory Co.?
THOMAS: That's beside the point. For once this conversation isn't about how great I am.
You would do well to learn your place, wench.
HUEY: Hey! Who the hell do you think you are?!
THOMAS: I told you who I was already. I told you that you would remember my name.
HUEY: Well I don't care! Don't you dare talk to Lavender that way.
THOMAS: What are you going to do?
You're just some poor boy who couldn't afford to stand on the same sidewalk as me.
Why don't you do something useful for once in your life?
Let's start with throwing yourself over a bridge?
Who knows? Maybe after you're gone, Rune may come out of hiding.
Then she'd kill herself after knowing she failed to do anything significant with her worthless-
THOMAS: Argh...!
THOMAS: H-How dare you defile my face!
LAVENDER: How dare you disrespect Rune.
Be glad that I'm feeling merciful. My Alakazam would not have acted as such.
THOMAS: Don't you threaten me, creature.
You will pay for this, Lavender.
LAVENDER: Huey, are you all right?
HUEY: Am I alright? Are you alright??
You just slapped Thomas Blakeory. One of the most powerful people in Grand Dream City!
LAVENDER: I did, didn't I? Oh well, I suppose I'll pay for that one later.
HUEY: No you won't! Next time I'll protect you!
LAVENDER: Don't be silly, Huey. I don't need anyone's protection.
Besides, I would've never done something so rash without you here.
You gave me strength.
HUEY: ...!
LAVENDER: Hehe... Let's head on over to Mika's Caf.
That's where you said Rhodea and the other guest may be at the moment, right?
HUEY: Y-Yeah.
HUEY: There's no need to run, Lavender! You'll trip and hurt yourself!
Locked.
LAVENDER: Ah, \PN! You made it just in time!
The show's about to start.
TICKETLADY: That being said, are you all ready to enter?
LAVENDER: Yes, ma'am.
TICKETLADY: Great! Tickets please.
LAVENDER: Here you are. Three tickets for my two friends and I.
TICKETLADY: Thank you! Please enjoy the show!
Please enjoy the show!
TICKETLADY: Please enjoy the show!
Somehow we don't have a full house today. That's a first.
Sorry, but there are no shows going on currently.
Please come back later.
LAVENDER: \PN, you made it just in time! Looks like the show is about to start!
HUEY: You know, I don't think I've ever been here before.
LAVENDER: They usually do talk shows and things like that here.
I can't imagine that'd be something you'd be interested in, Huey.
You'd enjoy it more if it was some over the top action movie, right?
HUEY: Man, it's like you know me like a book! You're amazing, Lavender!
LAVENDER: Heheh...
We should go. We should save \PN the uncomfortable vibe of being the third wheel.
HUEY: Oops, yeah. Sorry, \PN! Love ya!
LAVENDER: That's good. Even though I know you're only saying that to make me feel better.
HUEY: Oh well! Let's forget about that for now!
We have important stuff we gotta do! Very important detective stuff!
LAVENDER: D-Dating? N-No! We're not!
HUEY: Y-Yeah, we're just good friends!
LAVENDER: W-We should go!
HUEY: O-Okay!
The shows here really help alleviate my stress!
It's fine.
You guys dating?
[Map308]
CHESPIN: Chesp!
Choose Chespin?
CHESPIN: Chespin!!
CHESPIN: Chesp...
SOBBLE: Sob-sob?
Choose Sobble?
SOBBLE: Sobehee!
SOBBLE: *Sobs*
I miss Professor Jenner. His lectures were more down to earth.
I wonder if he'll ever come back to teach.
OSHAWOTT: Osha osha!
*Oshawott flashes their shell in the air.*
It seems to take great pride in the quality of its shell.
Choose Oshawott?
*Oshawott swings its shell in excitement and poses for \PN!*
OSHAWOTT: Osha... watttttt?????
Oshawott looks depressed.
TURTWIG: Turt.... wig?
TURTWIG: Turt... wig?
Choose Turtwig?
TURTWIG: Turt!!
TURTWIG: Turt....
There's an egg on the table. Do you want to take it?
There's an egg on the table. It's Professor Jenner's!
So what you're saying is that you can't get Electric-Types paralyzed?
PROFJENNER: Choose carefully!
PROFJENNER: Don't forget about our little agreement.
TOTODILE: Totototototototototodile!!!
Choose Totodile?
TOTODILE: Dile....
CHIKORITA: Chika Chika!
Choose Chikorita?
CHIKORITA: Chika!!!!
CHIKORITA: Chika.....
I tried my best, and I won! At this rate I'll be the champion!
SQUIRTLE: Squirtle, squirt!
Choose Squirtle?
SQUIRTLE: Squirtle...
CHARMANDER: Charmander Char!
Choose Charmander?
CHARMANDER: Charmander Char, Char!
CHARMANDER: Char....
HAWTHORNE: This used to be Jenner's old room, but I occupy it for now.
Please follow me.
HAWTHORNE: It seems like the Professor spent his off time incubating these two eggs.
But the Professor isn't here at the moment, so these eggs have just been here idling by.
If we let this continue, I'm afraid these eggs won't hatch properly.
Would you mind taking one of these off my hands?
These eggs contain the Pokemon Magby and Elekid respectively. Choose wisely.
AMANDA: This way!
???: And above all else, make sure she's there for the pickup.
??? ...I assure you that things have already been set into motion.
AMANDA: ...Professor Jenner? I've brought the new trainer as requested.
Ahem.
PROFJENNER: O-Oh, Amanda. I didn't think you'd get here so soon.
AMANDA: So soon? We're technically late, Professor.
PROFJENNER: In any case, welcome to my laboratory, \PN!
I am the lead scientist here at Gearen Lab. I was hired by Jan and Zumi-
AMANDA: Professor, you always put the trainers through this lengthy introduction!
PROFJENNER: A-Ah, I suppose you're right. In that case, please take \PN and help them choose right away!
AMANDA: Oh man, this is the best part!
Let's go!
AMANDA: Okay, we have a lot for you to choose from, but I won't explain too much.
I think it's a better experience if you take a look for yourself!
Oh, and don't worry! We have you being indecisive in mind!
If you cannot decide on a Pokemon to choose, you may leave your fate up to the RNG gods and use the Random Machine!
As implied, it drops a Pokemon you can choose here at random.
Good luck!
MELIA: Wait, \PN... I think there's someone here...
Let's hide for a bit...
???: You know I don't appreciate being hung up on like that.
It was very rude and I should report you for misconduct.
JENNER: People walked into the room, Madelis. What did you want me to do?
MADELIS: Lock the door? That would've prevented all of this from happening.
Not that it particularly matters. Zetta should be picking Melia up very soon.
JENNER: Yes...
MADELIS: Why so glum? You knew this was going to happen.
From the moment we gave you the job of looking after Melia as she grew up, we made it very clear.
Melia was only going to be with you \c[6]temporarily.
Once she grew up, you'd have to return her to us.
JENNER: I haven't forgotten. I've never forgotten.
MADELIS: Hmm... Well, for your sake, I hope that is the case.
I told you that getting attached would ruin you, and it looks like it has.
Just look at it as a sacrifice. We'll have our lives back after this.
It'll all be over... In due time.
MELIA: I knew it...
PROFJENNER: M-Melia, you made it! Thank goodness!
PROFJENNER: And \PN too... I knew it was wise to leave it in-
MADELIS: Jenner, what the hell are you playing at?!
Melia is supposed to be at Goldenwood Forest! What is she doing here?!
PROFJENNER: She-
MELIA: Just be quiet!
MELIA: I knew the moment I found the Snag Machine in the briefcase.
You gave it to me on today of all days. To punch in a code when things got sour...
You gave it to me because you knew! You knew this would happen!
Yet... You sent me on my way anyway... And you got \PN involved too?
After all these years... You weren't my real father. You never told me the truth!
PROFJENNER: Melia, please list-
MELIA: I'm done listening to you! Everything you've done was to set me up!
MADELIS: Enough of this! I don't understand what's going on, but I'm ending it.
Come to me, Houndoom!
HOUNDOOM: Houndoo!
MELIA: I'm not scared of you! Hapi, come out!
HAPI: Toge?
I'm impressed. Still annoyed, but impressed.
JENNER: Incredible...
MADELIS: I must say, Melia. Whoever taught you to battle, taught you well.
But sometimes battles aren't enough to settle differences.
MADELIS: You were foolish to think that you could even begin to face me.
Impudence will get you nowhere if you don't have the strength and beauty to back it up.
MELIA: Don't talk down to me...
MADELIS: Your Pokemon are all weakened, and I only used one of mine.
You think you can take on the rest of my onslaught?
MELIA: Hapi, one last attack! Use Metronome!
HAPI: Toge!
Togepi used Metronome!
Togepi used Teleport!
MELIA: \PN, hold o-
MADELIS: You have got to be kidding me... This is fantastic.
I'm not letting you get away!
MADELIS: And that takes care of that.
It was a valiant effort, Professor, but I told you not to get attached.
Unfortunately you did, and now you're in this mess.
It's just business, but I'm going to have to report you to\c[6] her.
MADELIS: This was a nice talk, but I have other duties to attend to.
As for you, \PN was it? Stay out of this. This doesn't concern you.
Ta-ta!
PROFJENNER: This... This is a disaster.
Everything that's happened... It wasn't supposed to go this way.
If Madelis hadn't come now at all times...
\PN, I-
???: Professor!
REN: Professor, this is bad! There are Xen Grunts all over the city!
Venam is fighting off as many as she can, but-
PROFJENNER: You two, listen to me very carefully.
Team Xen is after Melia. If they find her, it'll be over for all of us.
I need you two to leave and find her immediately!
West Gearen and the forest are off limits. She could've only gone in the direction of Route 2.
The Railnet east of here will be able to take you to Route 2 without any problem-
???:\ts[1] That's enough.
???: Do not be alarmed by the Gothitelle. They're just... a companion.
REN: Who's there? Show yourself!
???: Quiet, I have no business with you.
???: Professor Jenner... How irresponsible and horrible to try and send children to clean up a mess<i> you</i> made.
It enrages me to even think about what \PN could've gone through if I hadn't intervened.
In fact, I'm not so sure you understand the severity of this.
So I'm going to place you in time out for a bit. It'll give you a chance to think about what you've done.
REN: P-Professor! Hold on!
GOTHITELLE: Gothiheheheh...
REN: Damnit, get out of my way!
PROFJENNER: No, Ren, \PN... I know it's selfish of me...
B-But please... You have to rescue Melia. If not... If not...
PROFJENNER:\ts[1] Auuuugh!!
REN: No!
???: As for the rest of you... I implore you to stay out of this.
If you wish to go after Melia, the only path before you is despair.
I won't stop you if you wish to do so, but don't come to me for help when things don't go your way.
You've been warned.\| Gothitelle, come!
REN: \PN please do me a favor and explain what's going on here!
REN: I... I see. So that's what happened.
A lot of weird things are going on, but we can't sit around and do nothing.
If Team Xen really is after Melia, then we need to get out of here and find her!
I agree with the Professor. Route 2 is the only way she would've gone.
She's most likely on her way to Sheridan Village to hide.
Not only is there a Gym Leader there, but there's a ton of powerful trainers. She'd be safe.
But we shouldn't leave it up to fate. We should also act.
C'mon, \PN. Let's go get Venam and head for Sheridan Village!
MUDKIP: Mud.....kip?
MUDKIP: Mud... Kip?
Choose Mudkip?
AMANDA: This is an important decision!
But don't worry about it too much. I know you'll make the right choice.
I'll become the strongest student here, just you wait!
CYNDAQUIL: Cynda...... QUILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
Choose Cyndaquil?
CYNDAQUIL: Cynda...... LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL LLDLFSLLDFSL!!!!
CYNDAQUIL: Cynd...
JENNER: Congratulations, \PN! Your journey is just beginning.
But that aside, I have something personal to ask you.
It has to do with-
???: Professor Jenner, I'm back from my trip to Amethyst Cave!
Here are the Pokemon you lended me.
JENNER: Ah, Ren... You got back quickly.
REN: Yep, I got research on all the Pokemon you requested too.
I told you that hiring me as your assistant was a good idea!
REN: Oh? Who is this? A new recruit?
JENNER: Not a new recruit, but a new trainer.
REN: So you're a new trainer, huh? My name's Ren.
I'm not a new trainer, per se, but I've done a reset recently so I'm basically at that level.
I'm curious to see how you perform in battle. Show me what you got!
Whoa, not bad! Not bad at all!
REN: Wow... I didn't really think I'd lose. Not bad. Not bad at all.
REN: Don't feel too bad about losing. I've been a trainer for a little while longer than you have.
Though that was my first battle with a Pokemon I actually own.
Professor Jenner usually lends me his Pokemon so I can take on more dangerous things.
JENNER: Speaking of which, I have another task for you when you're ready.
REN: Oh... Do you mind if I take on that task a little later?
I promised some friends that I'd meet up with them after I came back.
JENNER: I suppose you've done enough for the mean time. Very well.
REN: Thank you, Professor. I'll see you again tomorrow.
Later, \PN. We'll see each other soon, I'm sure.
JENNER: About that personal favor...
I have a daughter named Melia. I sent her to Route 1 and Goldenwood Forest a little while ago.
I have faith that she'll be able to take care of herself, but...
I'd... feel better if there was\c[6] someone to look after her.
Of course, I won't let you do this without reward.
Please take these as payment in advance.
\PN got the Pokdex, and the CyberNav!
PROFJENNER: The CyberNav is a device similar to the Pokegear.
You may check the Town Map and listen to music while travelling.
I hear there are many other apps available for it as well. So be on the look out for that.
You may be on your way now. Good luck.
AMANDA: This is an important decision! Please take your time!
If you're indecisive, you can use the Random Machine at the far corner of the room.
AMANDA: Hell yeah! That's a nice choice, \PN.
At least, it looks like a nice choice... Let's see if it actually is one!
AMANDA: And by that I mean a Pokemon battle, of course!
Don't worry, I'll use weaker Pokemon I picked up here in the lab for this!
It wouldn't be a fair fight otherwise! Let's see what you got!
You're totally good!
AMANDA: Gee willickers, Mary Ann! I was blown away by your potential!
You have a long way to go, but I know for a fact that you'll get there.
AMANDA: Ah, don't worry about it. You learn from your losses.
Which you will have. It's inevitable and frankly, the possibility of losing makes things more interesting anyway!
Anyway, that was a good battle through and through.
Here's a little something from me to get you started.
AMANDA: Ahem! That's all for me now. But Professor Jenner should get you all situated.
Before I go, let me heal up your Pokemon.
AMANDA: See you later, \PN, and good luck on your journey!
*SHUTTERS REACTIVATING*
POPPLIO: Pao!
Choose Popplio?
POPPLIO: Pao! Pao!
POPPLIO: Pao...
???: Precisely the way to do it, Lana. You played perfectly.
Robert, if you continue to make silly mistakes like using Thunder Wave on Electric types, you won't make it far.
ROBERT: Tch... I'll get better someday.
???: Oh? Do we have a new student? Please, come to the front of the class.
???: Welcome to the East Gearen Laboratory. I am Professor Hawthorne.
Oh? It seems you have quite a few badges. Perhaps you aren't as new as I thought.
Ah, I see... Professor Jenner gave you your first Pokemon.
Jenner was an old friend of mine. Unfortunately he's gone missing.
I volunteered to take his position until he came back... If he comes back.
Nevertheless, society must move on no matter what.
You are a well seasoned trainer, yes? Then you may be of good use.
I'm from Kanto. There aren't many Pokemon outside of our dex there, so it's hard to learn more about the Pokemon in other regions.
I heard that you can find every single Pokemon imaginable here in this region.
If you happen to come across 350 unique types of Pokemon, please stop by and show me.
BULBASAUR: Bulba!
BULBASAUR: Bulba, Bulba, Bulbasaur!!!!
Choose Bulbasaur?
BULBASAUR: Bulba!!!!
BULBASAUR: Bulba...
STARTER RANDOMIZER ACTIVATED.
DRAW A RANDOM POKEMON?
MACHINE DEACTIVATED.
The machine isn't responding.
TEPIG: Tepig!
Choose Tepig?
TEPIG: Tepig!!
TEPIG: Tep....
It's Professor Jenner's diary.
Read it?
"PROFJENNER: My hands are tied. There's nothing more to do.
This will be my one and only entry. Please bear with me.
It feels as if I've been trapped between two forces. My fate between them is the same.
Perhaps my destiny has already been written. Destined for decimation.
But if there's one thing... One thing that I fight for. One thing I would die for...
My daughter.
Even though we are not blood, we are connected by heart.
No matter what happens, I will make it so she is safe. I WILL.
I don't care what happens to me. I've accepted it."
FROAKIE: Froak!
Choose Froakie?
FROAKIE: Froak...
There appears to be a slot for a card to go through.
Do you want to slide the card?
\PN used the Room ID Card.
You hear a clunking sound...
You left the monitor alone.
SNIVY: Snive..
SNIVY: Hmph, Snive~....
Choose Snivy?
SNIVY: .... Snive!
SNIVY: ..............
...Snive...
FENNEKIN: Fenne!
Choose Fennekin?
FENNEKIN: Fenne!!
FENNEKIN: Fenne...
PIPLUP: Piplup!
Choose Piplup?
PIPLUP: Pip....
PROFJENNER: Hello and welcome. My name is Professor Jenner!
I like to study many things about Pokemon, but there's one thing I've been thinking about lately.
The psychology of Pokemon is fascinating.
Pokemon may find other Pokemon and treat them as companions, enemies, and even family.
In some regions like Alola, Reborn City, and Aevium, Pokemon gather into communal groups often.
Whether it be for merely social reasons, or a means of mutual beneficial survival. It's all there. In our world.
But can Pokemon understand the true core concept of friendship?
Do Pokemon understand the concept of deception and betrayal?
Do some Pokemon act in community to benefit themselves only?
Do Pokemon understand the meaning of misunderstanding?
This is what inspires me to learn more. How similar are Pokemon to people?
Are we different at all in that aspect? Who can say...?
I've always wondered something when it comes to Pokemon.
Can Pokemon understand the concept of morality?
They say there's no such thing as a bad Pokemon, but can that really be true?
With more than 800 species, there must be a deviant living within.
One that lives off the chaos and suffering of others.
But that's taboo, isn't it? To think a Pokemon would be such a way by nature.
Humans, too, can be overwhelmed by evil.
Nurses, teachers, Gym Leaders, political figures, business owners, and even normal every day people.
None of us are safe...
\ts[1]None of us are safe.
PROFJENNER: Sometimes I often wonder to myself if things will be alright.
Then I think about it... Can Pokemon feel this way? An eerie sense of disaster?
There's a certain Pokemon called Absol that comes to mind when I contemplate things like this.
Absol's entire existence is based around disasters.
Which means this Pokemon lives its days seeing nothing but disaster and turmoil.
What paranoia does this beast suffer from? It's truly a sad Pokemon.
A Pokemon that never has a happy ending... I wonder if there are humans like that too.
TORCHIC: Torchic Tor!
Choose Torchic?
TORCHIC: Torchic Tor Tor!
TORCHIC: Tor...
TREECKO: Treecko!
Pick Treeko?
TREECKO: Treecko!!
TREECKO: Treek...
Locked.
This door is magnetically locked.
GROOKEY: Groo?
GROOKEY: Grook?
Choose Grookey?
GROOKEY: Groo! Groo!
GROOKEY: Groo...
CHIMCHAR: Chim... char!
Choose Chimchar?
CHIMCHAR: Chimchar!
CHIMCHAR: Chim...
HAWTHORNE: Welcome back \PN. Have you come to show me your Pokedex?
HAWTHORNE: Let's see what you've got.
HAWTHORNE: This is amazing! You've seen at least 350 Pokemon!
\PN! Please follow me!
HAWTHORNE: Well, you haven't seen at least 350 Pokemon...
The Aevium Region is filled with tons of Pokemon!
Please come back when you've seen at least 350 Pokemon!
When you've seen 350 unique Pokemon, please come see me!
HAWTHORNE: Hm? You haven't chosen yet? Please, take one of those eggs off my hands!
HAWTHORNE: Magby was a fine choice. Please raise it well!
HAWTHORNE: Elekid was a fine choice. Please raise it well!
HAWTHORNE: \PN, I've been meaning to speak to you.
The 350 pages of Pokemon you gave me were great, but I want to see even more!
If you can show me at least 550 Pokemon, I'll give you a nice reward!
HAWTHORNE: Have you come to show me your Pokedex?
HAWTHORNE: This is amazing! You've seen at least 550 Pokemon!
\PN! Please take the other egg that was in Jenner's office!
I'm sure Professor Jenner would've been happy to know that an exquisite trainer like you will be the one to raise those eggs!
HAWTHORNE: Well, you haven't seen at least 550 Pokemon...
Please come back when you've seen at least 550 Pokemon!
When you've seen 550 unique Pokemon, please come see me!
HAWTHORNE: \PN, please take the other egg that was in Professor Jenner's room!
HAWTHORNE: I have nothing else for you now, \PN.
Good luck on your journey!
ROWLET: Row?
Choose Rowlet?
ROWLET: Row Row!
ROWLET: Row....
HAWTHORNE: Please enter this room.
AMANDA: \PN, where are you going?
SCORBUNNY: Scor!
Choose Scorbunny?
SCORBUNNY: Scor...
Professor Hawthorne is so dashing! I'm not even listening to him teach!
LITTEN: Mrow.
Choose Litten?
LITTEN: M-Mrow...!
LITTEN: MROW!
Yes
No
[Map309]
Leave me alone! I haven't done anything to you!
GRUNT: Listen up, you're not going to submit that help request, alright?
GRUNT2: Yeah, if you need help then just help yourself!
GIRL: Uh...
GRUNT: What?
GIRL: You can submit help requests via smartphones now. There's an app for that.
So I submitted a help request to help me out like... 45 minutes ago, and it says it's been accepted 30 minutes ago.
GRUNT: ....What.
GIRL: Oh hey, look! There they are now~!
GRUNT: Gah?!
GRUNT2: So in trying to stop this lady from making a help request- we actually aided her in making one.
I hate my life.
GRUNT: Same.
You only beat me because you got lucky!
What?!
JASPER: Y-You only beat us because we were caught off guard.
Don't think that you'll get away with this!
Wonder how much money I could get from mining Aquamarine from this cave...
It seems to be quite a considerable drop.
Drop down the hole?
What are we doing? Mm... just finishing what we started.
A strong trainer?
Our databases said that all the strong trainers left the island?!
Can you keep up with me?
You made me lose my catch!
Leave my sight!
VALARIE: Rina, are you having fun in the water?
PRIMARINA: Prima!
VALARIE: I'm so jealous... That water looks so pure and relaxing!
Looks like Valarie is taking the moment to enjoy the area...
Hang out with Valarie?
VALARIE: Primarina looks so cute when it's swimming around in the water!
Say, \PN? How do you feel about the ocean, or just water in general?
VALARIE: Isn't it just the best? Everything about water is amazing.
The actual ocean, the Pokemon that live in them...
It brings me great solace to just hear the waves crashing against the shore.
VALARIE: That's slightly disappointing to hear, but everyone thinks differently.
Whether it be drowning, or fearing the unknown, there's plenty of reasons to hate water.
But personally, I feel like life is like that in general.
There are terrible aspects of life, but there are also wonderful ones.
You just have to focus on the positive and wash away the negative.
VALARIE: I suppose that's fine, I guess. It's better than outright hating water.
Obviously, me being the Water-Type Gym Leader, I absolutely adore it.
Being in places like this always make me feel at home.
VALARIE: ...Huh? Oh, I mean, I guess. Akuwa Town is definitely my home, but...
I've actually only been in Akuwa Town for a couple of years now.
I was born in the Hoenn region. Lilycove City is where I grew up.
I guess with that information, it's not hard to see why I love the ocean so much.
I was practically born in the ocean. If you have a little imagination, of course.
VALARIE: Where is "home" for me? You're a curious one...
That would be Lilycove City, Hoenn.
Akuwa Town is home too, of course, but I've only been there for a few years now.
Being born and raised in Hoenn, I guess it's not too surprising to see me gush about water.
When living in Hoenn, you're practically surrounded by the damn thing.
You either learn to love it or move to Fallarbor Town or something.
Even then, you're not completely safe~...
VALARIE: Oh, of course... I will always love Lilycove City.
I used to live there with my Mom, Dad, my three brothers, and my Grandpa.
My Grandpa was part of this really weird club where they idolized strong trainers.
He was so obsessed by that place that he used to bring me along with him.
We used to watch battles that would go on at Evergrande City, and frankly, it was amazing.
I think watching those battles inspired me to become a Water-Type Pokemon Trainer.
VALARIE: I assume you mean whether I prefer Akuwa Town or Lilycove City?
I'm pretty biased, so I think I would lean towards Lilycove, however...
I think I love both towns for different reasons. They're completely different, after all.
Lilycove City is humid and warm, as opposed to Akuwa Town, which is dry and cold.
Lilycove had a more livelier atmosphere, while Akuwa Town was more reserved.
Anyway, the fact is that I eventually moved from Lilycove City to Aevium.
I was becoming a really well known Water-Type one trick and eventually I was recognized by an elite school.
You may know this place as Axis High University.
That's where I met Saki, Adam, and Braixen.
We were good friends in school for a while, but I was a few years ahead of them, so...
I graduated and moved to Akuwa Town to become the Water-Type Gym Leader.
???: I-I'm sorry, I don't mean to eavesdrop, but you mentioned Axis High University, right?
VALARIE: Oh, Melia! Yes, I did mention Axis High University.
MELIA: I thought so... Well, a-alright, I was just asking is all.
I'm gonna go continue to look for Saki... over there!
VALARIE: Wait, Melia! Why are you acting so skittish?
Does Axis High University mean something to you?
MELIA: ...Yeah, I guess it does.
VALARIE: Did you go there or something? I could totally see you being a student there.
MELIA: Hehe... Well, you see... I uh... I took the entrance exam!
\ts[1]And, yeah, um, about that entrance exam...
I... I totally flunked it.
VALARIE: O-Oh! Y-You failed it? Was it too difficult?
MELIA: Most of the test was fine, but... but...
I... I...
\ts[1]I SUCK AT MATH...
\PN and Valarie comforted Melia and reassured her that the test was definitely rigged.
With a slight boost of confidence, Melia picked herself up and went off to look for Saki.
VALARIE: You know something? Thanks for talking with me.
I feel like we absolutely got closer as friends.
Maybe one day you and I could take a trip to Lilycove?
I'm sure it's a place you would love for sure!
VALARIE: It was nice hanging with you, \PN.
We should get serious and look for Saki, though.
Who knows what trouble that child's gotten herself into?
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
VENAM: Look at you rotting away in this cave. Amber, get up!
AMBER: Holy shit...
...Well damn, you actually went ahead and did it.
You've found the girl that completely ruined my life.
I only gave you that task because I thought you wouldn't be able to pull it off!
VENAM: Ruined your life? Seriously?
AMBER: Veronica, I know it's been a long time, but I also never want to deal with you.
VENAM: It's Venam. Not Veronica.
AMBER: What, you mean like "Venom"? Haha, really?
My uncool mother could create something a little more original.
VENAM: I was 8 when I made it, chill, but also...\| Hear that?
AMBER: Wh-What? I don't hear anything!
VENAM: Oh wait, there it is!
AMBER: Th-That's my CD!
VENAM: What about you, \PN? Isn't this song just the best?
\ts[3]D-O-G.
You hear that one, Amber? They shouted you out in this song!
AMBER: F-Fine, if you wanna fight so bad then we'll fight!
PUT 'EM UP!!
\sh\c[7]AMBER: Kyaaahh!!
VENAM: HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Uh oh, looks like Amber's big head made the floor collapse!
VENAM: Hey, Amber! Next time don't jump on brittle ground!
VENAM: Uh... Amber are you okay down there?
I hope... I hope she's okay...
I think...\| I think I may jump down and see if she's okay.
Y-Yeah, I'm gonna do it!
I'm stronger than you.
I think you're just mad because you're single.
I'll always be twice the trainer that you are.
Do you wanna know what I studied about this place? Hey, do ya?!
Aquamarine Cave is one of the few places that wasn't created by The Calamity!
It was here when the region was intact! No one knew about it at the time, though.
Still, a long time has passed since then! I wonder how different it was back then...?
Hey, thanks for saving me. That was really close.
I was thinking about sending another request to escort me out of here, but I think I'm good.
Your reward should be delivered to the Help Plaza by now.
Thanks again!
"Defend me" Help Request completed!
You think you're pretty with that little get-up?
You're not pretty at all! You're disgusting! Revolting!
Leave us alone!
Looks like there's a girl sleeping-
???: I'm not sleeping if that's what you're thinking...
I'm just up here to clear my head so buzz off will ya?!
???: ...
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
???: I'm sleeping here. Could you maybe piss off??
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
It looks like you're not going to leave so what the fuck am I supposed to do?
THIS place is supposed to be my space of serenity and peace.
The sounds of the water crashing against the rocks is supposed to make me feel good.
And guess what you're doing right now, idiot?!
You're disrupting that state of peace and serenity and making my life a shit hole!
So do me a favor and fuck off maybe?
AMBER: Ohh, awesome! I'm so surprised by that fact.
Of course even trying to have some DAMN peace and quiet is impossible around here.
What do you even want from me, huh?
Wait, lemme guess... I bet you want to battle me?
Or perhaps you want me to bless the Earth Relic?
It's always the same every year.
???: Of course you aren't. That would've been far too easy.
Lemme guess, my mom sent you to find me? C'mon you can tell me!
Yeah, yeah, I knew it. She's always sending people to drag me outta this cave.
And lemme make another guess... You want my lazy ass to come battle you?
Am I right about that? I'm sure I am.
Well what if I don't wanna battle you, huh? What if I just want to STAY HERE AND VEGETATE?
\sh\c[7]IS A MOMENT OF PEACE SO HARD TO ASK FOR? GODDAMNIT.
Alright, fine... I'll strike a deal with you, uhh...
What's your name again?
\PN, got it. I'll strike a deal with you, \PN.
I will battle you IF you are somehow able to return a CD a\c[6] certain Gym Leader stole from me.
The CD has a song called "Dogars!" by Roxie on it.
If you can somehow get that CD back, then fine.
Good luck with that one, though! The leader who stole that CD was from Gearen!
Guess you'll have to go all the way back to Gearen City to find her. Boo hoo...
I'm going back to sleep.
AMBER: If you can find that CD that a \c[6] certain Gym Leader from Gearen stole from me...
Then maybe we can talk, kay? Kay.
Good luck with that!
Don't sneak up on me like that!
Oh, you just wanted to talk?
This cave is cool. Perfect for me!
Yes
No
I love water!
Water kind of scares me...
Pretty indifferent.
You mean Akuwa Town?
Where is home?
Do you miss home?
Which do you prefer?
Sure, kid
Yawn...
Tesla sent me.
I'm not leaving.
[Map310]
ASSISTANT: Sorry, but Shadow Pokemon are super not allowed.
ASSISTANT: You ready to begin?
Right.
ASSISTANT: Want to go again?
ASSISTANT: I'm interning here at the Gearen Laboratory.
I assist trainers with their Defense EV training! If you want to begin, just stand across from me.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
ASSISTANT: Sorry, but Shadow Pokemon are not allowed.
Yay!
I assist trainers with their Attack EV training. If you want to begin, just stand across from me.
I assist trainers with their Special Defense EV training!
If you want to begin, just stand across from me.
Good job.
I assist trainers with their Special Attack EV training!
Congrats! Wanna go again?
Great Work!
I assist trainers with their HP EV training. If you want to begin, just stand across from me.
I assist trainers with their Speed EV training. If you want to begin, just stand across from me!
You did it!
Yes
No
[Map311]
Can't leave Aelita alone to look for the Platinum Component...
I'm studying robotics here at Axis High. I even entered a competition!
I doubt I'd win though. Even if mine was the best, Saki Blakeory would win because she's the headmaster's granddaughter.
(Even if they say that she won fair and square and of her own merit...)
STUDENT: Paralysis is actually broken, cheap, and stupid.
Literally just fight me you COWARD. FIGHT ME. DON'T USE CHEAP TRICKS!
PROFESSOR: Quiet there in front! You're disrupting my lecture!
STUDENT: Sorry, Ma'am. Continue.
HIPPOPOTAS: Hippo!
STUDENT: Ever since the explosion at the Grand Dream Ball, we've been under curfew...
I want to go out again, dammit! I'm tired of this crusty 'ol school!
STUDENT: Can't talk. I have an exam in 35 minutes.
MELIA: We're outside of Axis High University...
REN: Rune really did it! Everything is back to normal!
VENAM: But where's everyone else? Huey? Lavender?
AELITA: They never woke up the way \PN and I did.
They're most likely just waking up now. We should go greet them.
ERIN: You guys go do that. We have something to take care of.
VOLTA: Hello everyone, and welcome to Gearen News!
I'm your host, Volta, and boy do we have multiple stories for you today.
Thanks to the efforts to a small group of heroes, the distortion around Axis High University has settled down.
But nothing could prepare the region for what was hiding underneath the rubble.
Headmistress Hazuki Blakeory and three students were pronounced dead.
One being the beloved super-star Risa Raider.
The other two being Xara Bela and Jean Ralos.
Fans have gathered in the District of Hope to hold a memorial service for all three students, and Hazuki Blakeory.
The cause of death is unknown to us at this moment.
But that's not all.
Mr. Blakeory has been arrested by authorities earlier this morning.
While the certain charges faced against him are unknown at this time, it is being stated that he admitted guilt to all of them.
But if you think that's all, you'd better sit down for this one.
Mayor Cassandra of Grand Dream City has been arrested for possible connections to the black market and illegal activities!
Mr. Blakeory is expected to be tried in court in a couple of days. Cassandra is being held for questioning at this time.
Thank you for watching Gearen News. We hope to see you here again soon.
<ac>The next day at Mr. Blakeory's press release...</ac>
HENRIETTA: Mr. Blakeory, is it true that you had something to do with the distortion at Axis High?
MR. BLAKEORY: Sorry, no comment.
REPORTER: Mr. Blakeory, your wife was found dead in her bed after the distortion ceased.
She had no apparent injuries, but people are saying you had something to do with her death.
MR. BLAKEORY: .........
No comment, sorry.
REPORTER: Risa Raider, two other students, and the missing woman Rune have all died on your grounds!
What do you have to say about that?
MR. BLAKEORY: ....
REPORTER: Now that Hazuki Blakeory is gone, and you've been arrested, what is left in store for Axis High?
MR. BLAKEORY: Axis High University will be closed for the time being.
Students and teachers may still use the facilities, but classes will not be held.
That is all.
REPORTER: Since you are stepping down as CEO of Blakeory Corporation, does that mean Saki Blakeory is the new CEO?
MR. BLAKEORY: The transfer has not been completed, but it is planned for Saki to takeover once things have settled.
OFFICER JENNY: Alright, that's enough questions for today.
That's the end of this press release!
PROTESTER: THE BLAKEORYS HAVE THROWN THIS CITY INTO TURMOIL!
THEIR EVIL EXPERIMENTS HAVE CAUSED DISTORTION IN THIS WORLD AND IT RESULTED IN CASUALTIES!!
PROTESTER: HAZUKI BLAKEORY WAS KILLED BY THOMAS BLAKEORY SR.
JUSTICE MUST BE BROUGHT TO THE ONES THAT HAVE PASSED!
HAZUKI BLAKEORY!
RISA RAIDER!
JEAN RALOS!
XARA BELA!
RUNE HAGAN!
LUDICOLO: Colo!
STUDENT: Apparently the S.S. Oceana had a sister ship called the S.S. Gigantic.
A ship that was completely identical to the S.S. Oceana.
Huh? I'm talking about the wrong ship? I don't think so. I've studied this.
PROTESTER: SHUT DOWN AXIS HIGH UNIVERSITY!
STUDENT: I heard they discovered new moves at the Isle of Armor down in Galar.
The Galar Region is relatively close to Aevium, so maybe I should consider going...
STUDENT: The reward for the tournament is inconsequential for the students here at the academy.
Those who graduate here get all 18 badges for one season.
The graduation rate here is pretty low though. Mostly cause the expectations are so high!
LOUDRED: LOUD!!
PROTESTER: MR. BLAKEORY IS AN EVIL MAN WHO BUILT HIS ESTABLISHMENT ON THE SUFFERING OF OTHERS!
STUDENT: This guy's talking about going to the Isle of Armor...
First of all, you need to be a good trainer to be accepted at the dojo there.
He struggled capturing a Caterpie three years ago and nothing's changed.
Does he seriously think he has a chance?
LICKITUNG: Tung!
AELITA: Whew! We finally made it! Took a bit, but...
Take a look at this place! It's massive!
AELITA: It's kinda intimidating, isn't it? I've never been to an actual school before...
Hey, \PN! Did you know that Sheridan used to have its own school?
AELITA: Awesome! Yeah, it was a good school, but after the fire at home...
Well, the only teacher we had moved away because she was too afraid to live in Sheridan anymore.
No one else had the ability to teach like she did so we closed it down...
Of course I've always done learning on my own at home so I'm fit for the next exam!
AELITA: Yup, it's true. Unfortunately, it closed down due to the only teacher moving away cuz of uh...
The stuff that happened in Sheridan all that time ago...
But I always did my own studying, so I'm fit for the next test! Hyah!
AELITA: Hey, no it doesn't! I mean, maybe the other kids can be rough, but...
Learning is always good! Hatred comes from ignorance!
That's why even though Sheridan's original school closed down, I made sure to continue my studies on my own.
Well... We should probably get started and look for the Platinum Component!
Even though it's located somewhere in this school, I somehow have the feeling like it won't be easy to find at all.
STUDENT: Our battle is taking weather into effect.
You're a trainer right? You've messed with weather before, yes?
Then why are you coming to me for weather advice?
PROTESTER: SAKI BLAKEORY SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED FOR POSSIBLE ILLEGAL ACTIVITY!
PROFESSOR: Today we're learning about status moves and their importance in battle.
You don't look like a student, but you're welcome to attend any lectures going on during finals week.
STUDENT: I just won a battle here against Jessica!
We bet our lunch passes for the day on this, so now I get to have two servings!
STUDENT: Ludicolo out stats Loudred. That means I should be the winner of this battle.
That's just the facts.
PROTESTER: TEAR DOWN THE ESTABLISHMENT!
STUDENT: Personally, I think the Sleep status is completely underutilized.
If more Pokemon had access to moves like Spore, it'd be so much more of a concern.
STUDENT: Yeah, yeah... You only won because you managed to get your fields up before mine.
But a bet is a bet... You can have my lunch pass for the day.
I had an idea...
Nope!
School sucks.
[Map312]
It isn't responding.
Floor?
RECEPTIONIST: Ah yes, you are \PN correct? May I speak with you for a second?
We've just got an exclusive delivery slated for you and a few others.
I just wanted to notify you that it has been properly and securely delivered to your apartment.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
RHODEA: Looks like you've finally made it, \PN.
Everyone else is upstairs. Remember to take this middle area to the top floor, the Penthouse.
LAVENDER: Okay, here we are. Talon owns the East Wing Penthouse along with Risa Raider and others.
I've done some research and concluded that no one should be here during our little... Investigation?
Using Alakazam's power, I'll heighten my senses just in case, but we should be fine.
HUEY: "Should be fine"?
LAVENDER: Yeah... As in, things should work smoothly unless it doesn't.
O-Okay, are we ready?
Welcome to the Dream Complex. The largest residential area in all of Aevium!
We hope you enjoy your stay here.
Oh? You have a package to deliver to me? I see...
This package is for one of our residents here it seems.
I will be taking this off your hands now. Thank you!
HUEY: Looks like we're ready to go!
LAVENDER: So we actually learned quite a bit from that little investigation.
Albeit, a little more involved than I would've preferred, but fruitful nonetheless.
HUEY: So we're heading to the Magnolia Theatre now?
LAVENDER: That's correct. The Magnolia Theatre is hosting another show soon.
HUEY: Where is the theater again?
LAVENDER: I believe it's in the Shopping District, which is east from here.
Just walk down the road and you'll be there in no time.
HUEY: Gotcha! Let's go!
Right-Wing Penthouse
None
Penthouse
[Map313]
HUEY: We have one more roommate, but she's not here right now.
She's really awesome! I'm sure you'll meet her later!
HUEY: Are you sure that was your friend?
She seemed pretty sure she didn't know any of you guys.
One time I thought I was talking to Rune but it was an old man wearing a wig.
It was kind of weird, but he was nice.
Floor?
RHODEA: You ate all of the food in the freezer?!
ALICE: Oh yes! They were all delicious! I've never had something so flavorful!
ALLEN: I dunno, they tasted kinda weird...
RHODEA: Y-You didn't even cook them! You two just ate a bunch of frozen meals.
ALICE: Oh my...\| That would explain why it tasted so cold.
I just imagined we were eating a mystical rock from the galaxy!
Where everything is white with snow and silent as space!
RHODEA: Do you know how long it took to afford all this food?!
I was going to be ahead in meals for months, but you've ruined it all in one day!
What were you two thinking?!
ALICE: *Burp*
O-Oh my... Excuse me!
ALLEN: Heh...Heh Heh...
RHODEA: I... I can't. I just I can't.
RHODEA: Oh, \PN...
I'm sorry you had to see that. I'm just on edge with what happened with Venam and Lavender.
Huey told me all about it...\| I don't know what to do at this point.
Both of them are currently admitted into the Hospital of Hope.
We cannot do anything but hope for a full recovery.
Venam is going to have an even rougher time...
Excuse me.
ALICE: Greetings, \PN. How was your day?
I suppose you must feel a little sad based on what happened.
But we must think of how we are fine and well!
We will continue their legacy for them and blossom into better people!
ALLEN: Whatever you say, Alice. Just don't start crying again.
ALICE: Nonsense! I do not cry... When people are watching!
Anyway, The Puppet Master told me to tell you to meet them inside the Toy Box!
ALLEN: Yes, I almost forgot about that!
ALICE: Yes, the Puppet Master is a very wonderful person!
He'll tell you whatever you need to know!
The Puppet Master is awaiting your arrival, \PN!
Go to the Puppet Master and have a lot of fun!
ALICE: It is a pleasure to see you outside of the Unown Dimension!
I just know that we're going to have many adventures together!
It seems to be a briefcase sent by PokeStar Studios!
Gather everyone?
AELITA: Wow, when they said they would ship it within the hour, they weren't kidding!
MELIA: Dyre seems to mean business with this whole movie thing.
I was so sure he was gonna turn around at any second and announce that he was just kidding or something.
ERIN: Still, it is sorta weird that we all accepted that offer even though none of us have any history in acting.
Nor do I think any of actually have any skill to do so.
AELITA: Oh, Erin. Always the pessimist. I'm sure it'll be a lot of fun!
And so what if we can't act? That doesn't mean we can't learn!
REN: One time I pretended to be sick so I wouldn't have to go shopping with my mom.
Does that count as acting experience?
MELIA: Hehe, I'm sure it does. Just gotta ask the right person.
In this case, I don't think so though.
REN: *Sigh*, that's unfortunate.
VENAM: Have you guys read any of your scripts? Who are you guys playing?
MELIA: Looks like I'm playing a woman named Lucile.
"The first Gym Leader and the mayor of Celandine City.
She's somewhat of a ditz and leaps before she thinks into a situation, which usually ends up with her being in trouble for some reason."
Wow, okay, if this isn't on brand for me...
Who'd you get, Aelita?
AELITA: Adelinde! Ooh, I love her character already from reading her bio.
"She's friendly, calm, gentle, and has somewhat of a serene aura around her which calms anyone in her surroundings-
Making her loved by those who know her.
Despite having people around her who adore her, she has self esteem issues."
AELITA: That's so sad... Who hurt you Adelinde??
Anyway, I'm curious to hear what Ren and Erin have as their character!
REN: Uh... I'm sure Erin's is more interesting than mine. Go ahead, Erin.
ERIN: Looks like I'm some woman named Sierra. The main antagonist of the film.
"She's pretty calm, collected, and seems pretty indifferent towards a lot of things--
But isn't afraid in the slightest to retort and stand up for herself if someone thinks they can just waltz over her."
Alright, so all I have to do for this part is... Just be me, got it.
MELIA: Yeah, sounds about right.
AELITA: That's tooootally you, Erin. You have the easiest job out of all of us!
REN: What about Venam? She is the main character and all, right?
VENAM: ...Tch.
Yeah, I'm the main character. Saber's her name.
There's actually not much about her written here except that she's the "protagonist".
Listen guys, I don't think I can do this.
MELIA: What? Of course you can! Don't sell yourself short!
VENAM: But I'm not fit to do the job of a main character!
I mean after so long, I only JUST now started to get some character development.
AELITA: ...Huh?
VENAM: Look, all I'm saying is that maybe someone like Melia should be the main character.
MELIA: M-Me? No, no, if that happened, I would upset a lot of people.
A|\ lot\| of\| people, Venam.
ERIN: You'll do fine, I'm sure. You're pretty extroverted, yeah?
That's all you really need to play the protag, unless your entire arch is just you getting over your introversion as if it's a flaw.
VENAM: Mrghghgh....
AELITA: Oh wait, I just realized Ren didn't say his part!
REN: It's... It's not important, really. I'm just some character... You know?
MELIA: Oh come on, we all shared ours! Why be so coy?
REN: You know, \PN is directing this film and all. I'm sure they don't want to be bored with me explaining stuff they already know, y'know?
REN: ...
REN: ...Please don't scream.
RHODEA: Those packages I spoke about earlier finally got here.
Looks like we have about...
Two of them...
MELIA: Where are they from?
RHODEA: Let's take a look.
RHODEA: It says these packages are both from...\| The Toy Box?!
LAVENDER: Oh... But isn't that-
ERIN: I thought the Toy Box was abandoned? The one on the edge of the Dream District, right?
RHODEA: That's right. Should we even open these? I'm a little nervous.
ERIN: *Shrugs* Might as well.
RHODEA: Okay, well, here goes nothing.
All right, well, here goes nothing.
VENAM: What?
???: Oh dear...
???: Huh? What happened?
???: It seems as though we've slipped through a pocket dimension, brother.
???: A pocket-
Wait, sister! We can interact with each other now!
???: It seems that we can, brother. Our souls have successfully been separated.
MELIA: Uh...
???: Ooh! Pardon me! I don't think we've introduced ourselves!
My name is Alice, and my brother here is Allen.
We've come from the Unown Dimension.
ERIN: Unown Dimension? Lemme guess, it's a dimension filled with Unown?
ALICE: It is the Unown Dimension!
ERIN: ... Goodbye.
ALICE: Goodbye then!
MELIA: Um, Alice was it? You said you came from the Unown Dimension, but...
Who was it that sent you here?
ALICE: Why, the Puppet Master of course!
The Puppet Master is a wonderful person! They're the one who resides inside of the Toy Box!
The Puppet Master opened the door between the Unown Dimension and allowed us to appear here before you!
VENAM: So, like, why are we allowing these morons to speak? Clearly they're delusional?
The Unown Dimension? The Puppet Master? Is this a prank?
MELIA: It's strange, but we've been through strange things ourselves.
VENAM: ...I guess.
HUEY: What are we gonna do with them? Should we put them back in their box and return 'em?
Cuz... We didn't order new roommates, I think. I know I didn't.
RHODEA: Uh. I don't know SPU's return policy on humans, but-
KANON: I wouldn't be surprised if they had nowhere to go.
They were sent here from this "Unown Dimension", right?
I dunno about you, but I have a feeling SPU's not gonna know how to get there for returns.
VENAM: Just bring them to the Toy Crate or whatever leave 'em there.
Maybe The Puppet Master will come out and throw them back into Kalos, or the Unown Dimension. Same thing.
ALICE: Ah, but that would be certainly impossible. There is nothing in the Toy Box at the moment.
It's just a solid block of brick and wood.
VENAM: Then how did you come out of the Toy Box, you smart ass?
ALLEN: The Puppet Master brought us out! Didn't you hear?
VENAM: ...
KANON: I really don't mean to impose, but couldn't they stay here for a while?
We have an extra room. We can let them stay here until we figure out what to do with them.
RHODEA: Sigh... I guess that can be arranged, but I'm not happy about it.
Alright, they can stay, but only until we find their parents, or this "Puppet Master" or whatever.
ALICE: Oh! Oh! Thank you so much!
ALLEN: Thank you!
RHODEA: I guess that's it then. I'm gonna go get other stuff done.
Three of them...
MELIA: Where are they from? Do they have a label on them?
RHODEA: Let's take a look...
RHODEA: It says these are from... The Toy Box?!
LAVENDER: Huh? The Toy Box? Isn't that-
RHODEA: That's right... Guess we should just open them and see what's inside.
I'm a little nervous.
Alright, well, here goes nothing...
RHODEA: I'm not going insane, right? Everyone saw that?
VENAM: That box definitely moved!
RHODEA: HUH?
KAREN: ...
\ts[3]Yaaaaaaaawwnnn...
Mannnnnn... Who turned on the lights? My dream was just beginning to get interesting...
KAREN: Aw shieet. Who are you people?!
Momma told me about these sort of things. People gathering around...just waiting to steal your rock collection.
Oh how I miss her... She was such a bright soul...
RHODEA: ...Karen?!
KAREN: Yup! That's my name! The "K" is silent, though!\| Just kidding, it's not!
MELIA: Rhodea, do you know who this person is?
RHODEA: This woman is Karen. She's part of the Elite 8.
MELIA: The Elite 8?!
KAREN: Oh, yeah! I guess I am! Hahaha. I haven't done that job, in like, FOREVER!
RHODEA: ...Yes, and as you can see... She's not very... stable.
Karen, what the hell were you doing in there? And why haven't you been taking your pills?
KAREN: Momma always said if I didn't take my pills, the man in white would take me away...
Momma said-
Do my eyes deceive me?! Am I fuckin' high?!\| Honestly, it's possible.
It is! It must be! Little Dove has arrived!
KANON: ...Little Dove?
KAREN: Yes! My dove that is little! Quite small?! Can't you use your eyes?!
MELIA: Are you referring to \PN?
KAREN: Ah, so you know Little Dove as well?
We had a glorious adventure down in the Hidden Library.
We've transcended the barriers of reality and found our way to the Unown Dimension!
VENAM: ...Is this lady okay? She can't be okay, right? She's not making ANY type of sense.
KAREN: ...And in the Unown Dimension, where I met two lovely children!
Little Dove left me there because I wanted to be one with the Unown.
I wanted to be like Little Dove and spread my wings into the air and disappear into the sunset!
Momma loved the sunset...
ERIN: If you're supposed to be in the Unown Dimension, then why are you here?
HUEY: Maybe she got here because she got express shipping!
ERIN: Huey... Just don't.
KAREN: Oh! A dashing figure with a mask appeared and I asked them to be my new Momma!
But then they gave me this stare that gave me chills...
The type of chills I usually get when someone bashes my head in with a rock.
Don't you just hate it when that happens?
Anyway, everything else is a blur, but now I'm here!
ERIN: And you said you met two kids, right? Coincidentally, there are two more packages-
KAREN: That's such a stupid question. It absolutely bores me to tears with how boring it is.
I just wanna...*sniff* cry a lot now. LIke how....how?!
How can you be this dumb?! I don't understand it!!!
ERIN: They're in those other two boxes, right?
KAREN: Haha, yeah.
ALICE: Oh dear...
ALLEN: What's going on? Where are we?
ALICE: It seems as though we've slipped through a pocket dimension, brother.
ALLEN: A pocket-
ALICE: It seems that we can, brother. Our souls have successfully been separated.
Oh? Could it be? \PN?
ALLEN: It is \PN!
RHODEA: I have a headache.
ALICE: Ooh, pardon me! We haven't introduced ourselves yet!
ERIN: So, can you two explain to me what the Unown Dimension is?
ERIN: ...Okay, I've had about enough. Goodbye.
MELIA: You said you came from the Unown Dimension, right?
Did the figure with a mask send you here as well?
ALICE: Yes! They're called The Puppet Master!
The Puppet Master is a wonderful person! They live inside the Toy Box!
They were kind enough to open the door between dimensions and allow us to roam free!
VENAM: So like, why are we allowing these morons to continue speaking?
The Unown Dimension? The Puppet Master? What kind of prank is this?
MELIA: It's strange, but we've been through our fair share of strange instances too.
VENAM: I guess...
RHODEA: Um... I'm not sure what SPU's policy is on returning human beings.
KANON: Why return them? I doubt that's possible anyway.
They have nowhere else to go, I'm sure of it.
VENAM: Just stuff them back in the Toy Crate or whatever and call it a night.
VENAM: If that's true, then how'd you guys get out of there, you smartass!
KAREN: Bleh, bleh, bleh!! I'm done listening to you all ask the same questions 1000 times!
Momma used to yell at me the way you do. It made me so sad.
The memory follows me...CONSTANTLY TAUNTING ME... I CAN'T DO IT.
I CAN'T! I CAN'T DO IT!
I CAN'T!!!!!
LAVENDER: Is... Is it safe to let her roam free like that?
RHODEA: Nope, but I'm not about to chase her around the city. I'll leave that to the police.
KANON: I really don't mean to impose, but couldn't they just stay in the extra room until we find out a plan?
Maybe they can stay here until we settle things.
RHODEA: Sigh... this place is really becoming a crowded place, huh?
All right, they can stay here UNTIL we get something sorted out.
RHODEA: That's the end of this. I've got stuff I gotta do so everyone go about your own business.
RHODEA: Oh, by the way, Lavender? This red envelope was also delivered.
Apparently it's for you?
LAVENDER: A red envelope was sent here for me...?
RHODEA: Yeah, is there something wrong?
LAVENDER: No, no...everything's fine. Thank you, Rhodea.
Please excuse me.
RHODEA: Hm.
Oh, \PN. Were you there this whole time?
Looks like everyone's exhausted. You must be too, right?
Why not get some rest? That's what I plan on doing real soon.
HUEY: Hey \PN, how's it goin?
Aren't you just happy to be in a nice air conditioned place?
REINA: I'm just happy to finally be able to shower. I had sand in... places.
Hourglass reacts only...
HUEY: I feel that...
REINA: By the way, I meant to ask this a bit earlier, but...
Where the heck is Rhodea?
HUEY: ...
Oh yeah...
Last time we saw her, she looked really bad and disappeared.
REINA: Aw well, I'm sure she'll show up sometime.
ERIN: Hey everyone, what's going on?
MELIA: Hey sis! I see you cut your hair back to what it used to be.
ERIN: Yeah, I like my hair white. Also long hair is too annoying to manage.
Also, where's Alice and Allen? I wanted to speak to them for a bit.
MELIA: They're off exploring the city. They finally seem to be grounded in reality.
ERIN: Oh, that's nice. Maybe we should join them later.
The four of us have a lot of catching up to do.
MELIA: Yeah, we certainly do.
I can't believe that I... Actually have family. Blood-related, at least.
ERIN: It is a nice feeling isn't it? Having someone you're connected to.
Perhaps things won't be so bad from here on out.
Now that Bladestar is officially gone, things are getting livelier once more.
HUEY: I hear PokeStar Studios is open once again too!
Maybe once Lavender's out of the hospital, we could go see a movie!
MELIA: ...
DELPHA: Speaking of which...
There's something we need to talk about.
MELIA: Right...
Huey, before we speak about that though, I'm going to warn you-- This may be difficult to hear.
HUEY: Huh?
DELPHA: You see... When I was captured, I was sent to the depths of the Hospital of Hope.
While I was there, I was experimented on profusely.
They tried everything they could to erase my memory, or change it in some shape or form.
REINA: What? That's terrible!
DELPHA: That's not all... The experiments were conducted under Dr. Isha's supervision.
HUEY: H-Huh?! Isha?\nIsn't he the one taking care of Lavender?
DELPHA: Yes...\| It was Lavender who saved me.
But as we were trying to escape, Lavender was captured.
HUEY: WHAT?!
DELPHA: Isha let me go because he thought I could no longer communicate with humans without Saki's device.
He thought that a wild Braixen would just be captured eventually before I was able to properly alert the authorities.
What he didn't account for was that my evolution would bring me telepathic speech.
HUEY: We have to do something! We can't just sit here and do nothing!
Why didn't any of you tell me this sooner?!
That's it, I'm going to save Lavender by myself!
REINA: H-Huey, calm down! Getting angry isn't the answer!
MELIA: Huey, I understand how you feel. Venam is under Isha's watch too.
There's no telling what he's capable of doing to hurt Venam, or any of his patients.
DELPHA: I didn't want to tell you because I thought you may try to run off and save Lavender alone.
HUEY: ...Which is what I just tried to do.\| No, I get it...\| You're right.
I just...\ts[1] I can't lose her too.
REINA: Huey...
DELPHA: We're not going to lose her. We're going to save her.
But we need a plan. We can't just barge into a hospital and raise hell.
Not only would that be risky for us, but we could harm actual patients there too.
And besides, I'm pretty sure Isha is always watching around the hospital so we couldn't just sneak in anyway.
ERIN: Hm...
There's a way we can do it without needing a concrete plan while keeping other patients out of harm.
MELIA: You have a plan, Sis?
ERIN: Just request to see Isha in his office.
Say that you have questions about his work and his\c[6] success rate.
REINA: His success rate?
ERIN: Isha is known to have an abnormally high success rate. It's his hubris.
So if you bait his interest with that, you can direct his attention away from surveillance.
Once one of us finds the underground lair, they can notify the one speaking to Isha.
That's when someone, probably Delpha, shows up. After that, the two of them can corner him.
He'll have nowhere to go and won't have help from any of his assistants.
None that he could use for blackmail, anyway.
MELIA: You think he's that cruel?
ERIN: Of course he is. If he's that crazy about his reputation, he'll try anything to get out of being caught.
This way you bring his options down to zero.
Oh, and Delpha, make sure to stray him away from his desk.
He might have one of those alarm systems underneath his desk that he can trigger.
We're going to call the authorities anyway, but we need to find the way to his underground layer first.
It'd be pretty problematic if we all just got sent to jail.
DELPHA: I'm fine with this plan. I know where the underground lair is, so getting proof of that shouldn't be difficult.
Besides my role, what is everyone doing?
ERIN: I'll talk to Isha. \PN and Huey can wait outside the office as backup.
Melia, Reina, I'm putting you two in charge of getting to that underground lair.
MELIA: Gotcha.
REINA: Seems easy enough.
DELPHA: I'll give you both directions on where to go.
HUEY: So when are we doing this?
ERIN: I don't see why we can't go right now.
We've already taken down one tyrant. Let's go for another while we still have the energy to.
DELPHA: Okay. Then everyone get ready. Come speak to me when you're all good to go.
HUEY: Hi \PN!\| Bye \PN! Hope you have a good day!
REINA: We're going to hang out in the city, if you're curious!
I'll bring back a churro for you or something! See ya!
LAVENDER: Good morning, \PN! I'm glad to see your bright and shining face again.
I never got to properly thank you for saving me back then.
Huey told me that you already have the Psychic badge yesterday...
Even though I can't give you a badge, we should have a battle sometime!
Alright then, I'm off. See you later!
VENAM: Good morning, \PN!
VENAM: Good day to you, \PN.
VENAM: Goooood afternoon, \PN. Finally awake?
VENAM: Man, you're a night owl, \PN.
VENAM: Someone's finally awake! Good evening, \PN.
Just got back from the Hospital of Hope.
The nurses there are treating all the stone victims with the special Spring water.
They should be up and ready to face the world again after a few more days.
You should've seen my mom's face when I walked in front of her like nothing bad ever happened.
She broke down crying,\| and then I broke down crying,\| and then we both broke down crying together.
But I guess all's well.
MELIA: H-Hey! Don't jump on the couch!
VENAM: Oops, sorry.
MELIA: \PN! How could you!
VENAM: Bahaha!
MELIA: It's not funny! I'll kick your ass!
VENAM: Okay!
MELIA: ...Wait, no I won't. I take that back.
VENAM: Also fair.
What about \PN? They're guilty too.
MELIA: I'll kick both your asses! I'm serious!
VENAM: Sure you will, but that's fine with me.
MELIA: Yeah, whatever, you said that already.
By the way, Tesla sent you a gift basket. It was filled with cookies and other confectionaries.
Amber sent a card with it too. Looks like she wants to see you later.
VENAM: Oh, that's really nice of her. Uh... Remind me to call her later.
I'd like to apologize to her for taking her Charizard as well... That wasn't great of me to do.
MELIA: A-Apologize? Seriously, what's up with you? You have a fever?
\PN tell me you're hearing this. I'm not dreaming, right?
VENAM: You're not dreaming, I just... Had a lot of time to think while being a statue.
I'm sure you thought I was unconscious during that period, but I wasn't.
I was drifting along... It was cold... It was lonely.
It's like the Grim Reaper gave me a free preview of what being dead would be like.
I started thinking about all the people I took for granted.
How horrible of a person I've been. Especially to my friends and family.
I just...\| don't wanna be that anymore.
I've caused enough trouble for a lifetime.
MELIA: That very well may be the case, but the fact that you're recognizing that you haven't been great is already a step forward.
And not everyone will forgive you right away, but if you work on it...
I'm sure you'll shape yourself into a better person in no time.
VENAM: Sigh... Working. That's gonna suck.
But it'll be worth it.
Thanks \PN, Melia. I'll do my best.
???: And do your best, you must!
VENAM: Kanon!
...What happened to you?
MELIA: Reina told me about this. The Kanon we knew was just a persona.
Kanon's real identity is a servant of Nymiera-- Alexandra as of now.
VENAM: Uh-huh... Anyway do you mind getting down from there? I literally just wiped this table down this morning.
KANON: This will only take a second.
I'm only here to relay a message from Lady Alexandra.
She wishes for the following people to visit her at her home in Sashila Village.
\PN, Aelita, Melia, Allen, Alice, Ren, and finally Erin.
Aelita and Ren are already accounted for, so that leaves the rest of you.
MELIA: What does she want? Is it important? Sashila is kind of far from here...
KANON: Alexandra did not specify what this encounter would entail, but if transportation is a worry, do not.
I can personally escort all of you, if that's most convenient to you.
VENAM: May I come along as well?
KANON: Alexandra did not specifically invite you, but you may wait outside the room as the meeting goes on.
VENAM: That's fine with me.
MELIA: Okay, I'll go gather the others. Kanon, do you mind waiting here?
VENAM: ...And by "here" she means off the table. Preferably in the lobby.
KANON: Very well. I will make my way there now.
VENAM: The teleporting is kinda neat.
MELIA: I wonder what Alexandra wants. If she's gathering all of us, it's probably something big.
Sigh... and I haven't even begun to delve into the case with Amanda...
Just what I need.
VENAM: Amanda? What's wrong with her?
MELIA: It's a very, very, very long story that I will get into later.
For now let's just gather Alice, Allen, and Erin, okay?
VENAM: Gotcha. Let's go.
ERIN: I gotta admit, usually I don't really like the idea of being spoiled this badly.
But... It really beats sleeping uncomfortably on the bed I have at home.
So I'm just gonna crash here. Thanks Rhodea.
MELIA: Hm... I didn't order anything. Turns out no one did, so why?
HUEY: ...Hi.\nI haven't been out very much lately, haha. Sorry about that.
I've kinda just wanted to be in my room.
Lavender visits a lot, but she has to stay close to the Axis High lab.
It's a good thing Reina's here to keep me company.
...
Don't mean to be rude, \PN. But can I have some time alone?
DELPHA: Heylo \PN. How's it goin'? I'm still getting used to this new form...
But once I am, I'll be doing some massive damage, I'm sure of it!
We're going to need it for later...
DELPHA: \PN, are you ready to go? Make sure you're prepared for anything.
DELPHA: Let's head out then...
DELPHA: I'll be waiting here.
RHODEA: Welcome to my humble abode.
This is where you all will stay for the remainder of your time here.
Being part of the Grand Dream City government is a hard task, but...
It does come with a few perks. Like this expensive apartment.
VENAM: Expensive is right, just look at this place!
RHODEA: I tried to get you all your own apartments, but everything was booked.
Not that it really matters! I have plenty of rooms available for all of you.
Anyway, \PN your room is the one closest to the exit.
Venam, Melia, could you two take the room at the end of the hall?
MELIA: No problem! Thank you again!
RHODEA: Excellent. Now that that's settled... Go wild and explore the apartment.
Down the hall there's a door to the balcony.
MELIA: Th-There's a balcony?! No way!
RHODEA: Well, alright then! She's excited.
Down the stairs we have the entertainment room, and adjacent to that is the kitchen.
When you all are done, please come speak with me. We have a lot to discuss.
VENAM: Okay! Well, I heard the word "kitchen" so I already have a plan.
KANON: Yeah, I'm hungry too!
VENAM: Then let's eat something!
HUEY: Hey, \PN!
Are you going out as well?
Me?
Dunno if you know this or not, but we have one more roommate here with us!
She's been gone all day. Her name is Lavender.
If you're not doing anything, you should come meet her!
She usually hangs around Amber Park. That's east from the Grand Dream Station.
I'll be there even if you decide not to show up.
See ya later, Rhodea!
RHODEA: All right. Stay safe.
ALICE: \PN, where are you going? That's not the way to the Toy Box!
Huh? You said you saw the Toy Box in the city before?
Well of course you have, silly! The Toy Box is located in the city!
But you can't get inside the Toy Box from this world.
You have to go to your room and sleep, \PN!
That's the only way you'll get into the Toy Box!
Dream a dream so grand that it becomes a nightmare!
HUEY:\ts[1] Weeeeeeeee'reeeeeeeee HOOOOMEE!!! We're home!
MELIA: Huey we've been home for over an hour now...
REINA: Huey, no screamarino please! I got a headache!
HUEY: Sorry! I'm just excited to be home!
LAVENDER: Had a bit of a rough patch, but I think we did okay!
LAVENDER: ...
LAVENDER: Oh, excuse me! I didn't mean to ignore you.
Sorry, I'm not really... with it today. I have a lot on my mind.
HUEY: You didn't order anything, right?
If you didn't, that means these must've been delivered to the wrong address!
Oh! Or maybe someone ordered something and they forgot!
That way it's like a gift from yourself from the past! Wow, so thoughtful of me!
HUEY: I act like a kid a lot, and I mess up... But this time I won't.
I can't lose Lavender too... I just can't!
MAILMAN: Special delivery for \PN!
RHODEA: Hm? Again? Okay, well, put it on the table I suppose. Thank you.
ERIN: I'll do the interrogating. I know how to get information out of people.
As long as we put him in a poor situation, we'll have the upper hand and win.
VENAM: Alright, let's see what we got in the fridge here...
It's filled with TV dinners... What?! In a place like this?!
KANON: Maybe Rhodea likes saving money.
VENAM: Rest in peace gourmet time...
VENAM: I'm not going insane. I know for sure that woman was Valarie.
But why the hell didn't she recognize us? She remembered Saki, so why not us?
Worrying is not my thing, but I can't help but think, and thinking is when bad things happen.
RHODEA: Ah, finally awake then, \PN?
Everyone already left to go about their business.
Listen, I wanted to ask you something.
...Did you order anything?
RHODEA: ...Really? You haven't?
I just got a notification from SPU that they're delivering three packages later today.
I just got a notification from SPU that they're delivering two packages later today.
I've already asked everyone else, but no one seems to have ordered anything recently.
It's not a big deal, though. It's probably just a mistake.
If anything, we'll just send it back.
Have nice day, \PN.
MELIA: Oh, I was just looking for you, \PN!
Um, I was just going to ask-
RHODEA: What's going on you two?
MELIA: Hello, Rhodea. I was just asking \PN if they've seen Venam around?
I haven't seen her since last night, which is sorta weird?
RHODEA: Come to think of it, I haven't seen her either.
I've been too busy tending to Alice and Allen.
I'm not sure they even know how to breathe...
MELIA: I'm just a little concerned because Venam always greets me in the morning...
At least, she has been for quite some time.
For her not to be here without telling me she wouldn't is just-
HUEY: Guys, you have to come to the Central Square!
RHODEA: Huey, what's going on?
HUEY: I don't know, but there's a massive amount of panic.
I think it's happened again...
MELIA: We should investigate! Let's go!
LAVENDER: Hm...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
REINA: Wassup, \PN?
You know, I love living in Grand Dream City!
This place was made for me! Goldenleaf is suuuch a drag.
In GDC I could go out for a milkshake at 4 am! Isn't that shit just wild?
Not for me, of course. Huey's been really down lately so I've been making nightly trips!
There's a note on the back of the box.
"PUPPETMASTER: Hey, \PN! Remember when I said I had a gift for you and Aelita?
Yepperinos, that's what this is my friend! This is taken straight from Lavender's stash.
I made some slight modifications to it to enhance its appearance, but it should act just the same!
\PN got the Trickery Badge!
Now that that's settled, I think you should go find Aelita again.
Shouldn't be too difficult, I think. Perhaps your friendship will guide both of you, yada yada.
Until we meet again, Oh Interceptor... Sweet Nightmares!"
Change clothes?
\PN changed clothes!
RHODEA: How are you doing, \PN? Are you ready to begin?
RHODEA: *Sigh*, Alright, it's time to open up this can of worms.
Grand Dream City is in danger. Everyone knows it.
But it is a society, and things must move on. No matter the circumstances.
It's up to us to get to the bottom of this and save Grand Dream City from disaster.
KANON: Before we head down that path, there's something I wanted to bring up.
HUEY: You wanna know about Rune, right? I think you brought up this topic before.
KANON: Yeah, that girl on the missing posters all around town.
MELIA: Yeah, I heard there's a bunch of missing people at the moment, but...
Her poster is, without a doubt, the most common one.
RHODEA: Rune is-
HUEY: Rune's my sister.
MELIA: She's your... sister?
HUEY: Rune... She's my sister.
Rune and I never knew our parents. We only had each other.
She never let that fact stop her, though. Rune always worked hard.
Rune worked so hard that she became a teacher at Axis High University!
But... towards the end of the semester, she just disappeared.
She showed no sign of leaving. She just did.
RHODEA: Rune was beloved by all. She didn't have any enemies.
Which makes her disappearance even more bizarre...
HUEY: I don't know how many people we've approached at this point about Rune...
Maybe they knew something we didn't? Perhaps Rune said something to them...
But no one ever had an answer.
RHODEA: We've put up signs, commercials, podcasts...
All were fruitless...
Besides Huey and myself, there was only one person who knew Rune personally.
Flora.
MELIA: Flora... That can't be good.
RHODEA: Exactly. She was the only one who could've had any important details about Rune's whereabouts.
But she refused to do so from the beginning.
MELIA: I don't think we're going to get another shot at asking either...
Flora was arrested on Route 7 for being the leader of Bladestar.
RHODEA: S-So I've heard. She was the last person I would've suspected.
MELIA: Maybe we'll get some info during her trial?
RHODEA: Yes, I suppose you're right.
VENAM: Flora? Flora is friends with Rune?
HUEY: Yeah. They were childhood friends.
They used to keep each other company most of the time.
MELIA: Have you asked her anything about Rune?
RHODEA: Multiple times, but she refuses to talk.
I've even gotten the police involved, but she's too good at manipulating people.
MELIA: Really? I wouldn't take her for being a manipulator...
Then again, I haven't really spoken with her before.
RHODEA: She gives off this kind-hearted and meek persona, but she's a crafty one.
MELIA: Okay, I think we understand the situation with Rune now.
Let's move on and talk about this phenomenon with people turning to stone.
HUEY: It started happening a few weeks ago.
The first victim was known as an Axis High University student named Tania.
When we first discovered she turned to stone, we didn't know what to make of it.
RHODEA: The next week, someone else was hit.
The Dark-Type Gym leader, Damien.
HUEY: But it didn't stop there. Soon it became a weekly occurence until another Gym Leader was hit.
Talon, who was the Flying-Type Gym Leader.
He was the most recent victim.
MELIA: Well, where do we start...
Are these people connected in any way?
The only real connection is that some of them were Gym Leaders, and students of Axis High University.
However, the Dark-Type Gym Leader, Damien, was not a student.
Whoever is doing this threw us a curve ball.
MELIA: I see...
RHODEA: But that's all we really have at the moment. So we'll end our discussion here.
VENAM: This is all just super weird...
KANON: What could possibly be the motive...?
RHODEA: We don't know. All we can do is gather more evidence and clues.
MELIA: You ready to beat this doctor's head in?
Let's go save our friend!
MELIA: Are you ready to head out to Sashila Village?
If so, I'll gather everyone and we'll head out together.
MELIA: Okay, I'll gather everyone. It'll be a long trip, so let's prepare accordingly.
VENAM: I managed to get Erin, Alice, and Allen ready. They're downstairs.
Did you tell Lavender, Huey, and Reina where we're going?
MELIA: Sure did. Lavender and Huey are going back to school as they have exams.
Reina said she's gonna stay here and house sit while everyone's gone.
REINA: That's right, that's right~! Ya gurl needs a little bit of a break, y'know?
Traveling with everyone, saving the world, getting obliterated by a demon, going back in time...\| Love that, but...
I need some *me* time. Besides, this gives Huey and Lavender time to catch up if you know what I mean. *nudge*...
VENAM: If you say so. Just don't tear the place up.
REINA: It'll be fineeee, I'm literally just going to be on the couch practicing for my future when I become a potato.
REINA: Is that even a question? Of course it's full-time, baby!!
REINA: I'm already part-time. Full time is what I'm going for.
Anyway, you guys have fun. I'll be off doing you know what.
VENAM: She'll be fine.
MELIA: She'll be more than fine. Shall we go?
VENAM: Yeah, let's.
MELIA: Okay, there's no rush. Just speak to me when you're ready.
RHODEA: I've been working with Florin on getting this city back on track.
It won't be easy, but... Florin has good ideas and a good heart to back it up.
I'll be by his side and helping his campaign in becoming mayor.
MELIA: This place is so wonderful! We're fortunate for Rhodea, aren't we?
We should cook her a nice meal or something. You know, to make up for things!
MELIA: This is very concerning. I feel like... There's a lot of things we're going to have to uncover before we...
...Before we can finally untie the knot.
MELIA: Looks like everyone is done for the day.
I guess the last thing to do is to just head on to bed.
We haven't exactly been doing what we've come here for, so I think I'll start looking around tomorrow.
Maybe some of the citizens might know what's up with this place.
ALICE: Oh, this place is quite intriguing! I've never seen so many colors in one place!
ALICE: The Puppet Master is waiting for your arrival, \PN!
Go to the Puppet Master and have fun!
ALICE: You must go to your room and sleep to find the Puppet Master!
ALICE: Huh? Is there something wrong, \PN?
Nothing happened when you tried to sleep in your bed?
Well, that means you had a good dream!
Didn't you hear what I said before, \PN? You must dream a dream so grand it becomes a nightmare.
You have to have a nightmare!
Having a nightmare is up to you! Do scary stuff to ensure that you have one!
ALICE: You've spoken to The Puppet Master, haven't you?!
Wasn't he just wonderful?
You'll never be the same now, \PN! Oh this is just wonderful!
ALICE: The Puppet Master is such a wonderful being!
He will show us the way, just watch!
KANON: Things are so different in this time. I don't know how to feel about it.
KANON: Venam said she was going out. I don't know where, though.
REINA: Not even a day back and we're already going back out to fight...
But if this girl means this much to Huey, I'll do anything!
ALLEN: What exactly is this contraption?
It's soft and comfortable and... Why do I feel like I want to pass out on it?
I just don't understand...!
ALLEN: I dont' understand this world! It makes me really uncomfortable.
ALLEN: The Puppet Master is a pretty cool guy!
Make sure to go see him inside of the Toy Box!
ALLEN: What? You're having trouble finding the Puppet Master?
You have to have a nightmare in order to see him.
I think I heard someone downstairs crying about how he always has nightmares!
Maybe you should talk to him!
ALLEN: You met the Puppet Master, didn't you?
He's a cool guy!
Take a nap?
\PN's team was fully healed!
Sleep until the next day?
???: Familiar scene, familiar faces.
???: Dream a dream so great...
That it becomes a nightmare.
Interceptor, oh Interceptor...
What is your name, oh young Interceptor?
What are your dreams, young Interceptor?
Which mind will you inhabit next, Interceptor?
Night fades slowly. We meet again.
To you, young Interceptor.
Wake up...
Wake up...!
Wake up...?
Hey, I said wake up!
ERIN: Sheesh, you're a heavy sleeper, you know?
I've been trying to wake you up for about... Let's see, 5 minutes?
By the way, did you know that you fidget around a lot when you sleep?
Anyway, you need to get up. We have somewhere we gotta be.
Florin called up Rhodea a few moments ago. It looks like they're ready.
Both of us need to report to the Judicial District immediately.
Of course, they want us to report what we found down in Darchlight Caves.
Here's the thing, I want to keep the info we found in the caves a secret.
That password we found down there... It's important, right?
Mayor of the city, or not. That info is too vital to tell just about anyone.
You don't know who's listening and who isn't.
Remember that.
The real question is whether or not it's fine to tell Cassandra or not.
Remember this, \PN. Analyze the information, then make a decision.
Don't you ever do it the other way around.
That being said, do you know how to get to the Judicial District?
Remember where we got off the train? Grand Dream Station?
East of that station is a bridge. Cross it and head north.
Shouldn't be too hard to find after that.
Flora called Rhodea a little earlier today.
She wants both of us to head over to the Judicial District so that we can report what we found.
So, that being said, you do know how to get to the Judicial District, right?
There's a bridge next to Grand Dream Station.
Cross it, head north, then take a right. Easy.
Flora called up Rhodea a few moments ago. She wants to meet with you at the Botanical Garden.
As for me, I'll continue my search for Aelita. Hopefully something will come up.
You know where the Botanical Garden is, right?
It's just north of Grand Dream Station.
MELIA: Hrrgh...
VENAM: ...Huh? Melia, are you okay?
Oh no, are you getting those nightmares again?
Don't worry, I'll get your medicine.
VENAM: Alrighty, just take this and you should feel better.
Sigh... I guess I won't be able to sleep again tonight.
As long as Melia feels better, I guess that's okay with me.
VENAM: For such an active city, it sure is quiet at night.
Somehow there's even a breeze even though we're beneath a dome.
...It's nice, I guess.
SEVIPER: Sevv!
VENAM: What, you think so too? I knew I caught the right Pokemon.
It's been a while since we just hung out like this, eh Seviper?
SEVIPER: Sevv!!!
VENAM: Still that attached to me? I gotta say, I'm surprised.
I have to say, I haven't been that great of a trainer, Sev.
I don't neglect you or anything, but I guess I never give you the attention ya need.
So for that, I'm sorry. I'll be better about that, I promise!
SEVIPER: Sevvviper!!!!
VENAM: Melia's been telling me that I need to stop acting so selfish.
I didn't really understand what she meant, but thinkin' about it... she's kinda right.
I stole Tesla's Charizard, I wanted to TP someone's house, hahah.
Wait,\| no, that's not funny... It's rude, or something,\| yeah.
I just gotta stop being a prick and think about others before I do something dumb.
SEVIPER: Sevv?
VENAM: Yeah I know. It's easy. I just gotta try a little harder.
Anyway, I should go back to bed and try to sleep. Goodnight Seviper.
VENAM: Sigh...
VENAM: Wait a minute... Is that...?
Nothing happened.
Ground Floor
None
Let's get started
No thanks
C'mon, let's hear it.
Say it or I'll scream.
What's the sinistea?
Let's Go!
One sec...
Yes
No
Sure, let's go.
I have something to do...
Full-time?
Part-time?
[Map314]
HUEY: I think I'll just stay out of your way and wait till it's all over.
HUEY: Hhhh... It's really dark in here. I don't do well in the darkness...
LAVENDER: It's like I said... No one's here at the moment.
HUEY: Maybe they turned off the lights to conserve energy?
LAVENDER: It doesn't matter. Let's just look for clues.
HUEY: R-Right, clues. Let's do this!
Locked.
LAVENDER: ...!
Looks like I'm not the only one who did their research.
HUEY: Huh? Other people are here to investigate?
We should be good then, right?!
We could probably team up and look for clues together.
LAVENDER: No, not with these people.
They're Bladestar grunts.
HUEY: Bladestar?! What are they doing here?
LAVENDER: To find clues about Talon, or so I assume.
HUEY: Well, what do we do?
LAVENDER: We can escape when they're in other rooms.
Let me check which room they're in now.
LAVENDER: ...
HUEY: What's the matter?
LAVENDER: Slight dent in our plans.
Looks like they found something really important next door.
HUEY: Well, that's too bad for us! We should just leave.
LAVENDER: No, I'm not leaving. I want what they found.
HUEY: Are you sure about this, Lavender?
LAVENDER: Look at it this way. Bladestar found something incredibly important.
I don't know much about Bladestar myself, but I'd feel better if I had whatever they found.
Who knows what they could do with such information.
Sorry, but I refuse to take such a bold risk.
HUEY: B-But going after them is as bold as it gets!
LAVENDER: Heh... perhaps it is. I guess I just contradicted myself then?
HUEY: Lavender...
LAVENDER: Hehe...
So here's the plan. \PN, Alakazam has helped me examine the aura of you and your Pokemon.
We have come to the conclusion that we have the highest probabilty of success if we team up.
Let's combine our strengths and put those Bladestar grunts out of service!
HUEY: Y-You're going to kill them?!
LAVENDER: N-No I'm not going to kill them!
I'm just going to make sure they sleep for a while. Hopefully Alakazam's Psychic won't hurt them too much.
HUEY: I see...
LAVENDER: Anyway, we have to act quickly. We don't have a lot of time.
ALAKAZAM: Alakazam!!
LAVENDER: What's that? You found a suspicious letter?
Which room was it in?
LAVENDER: Talon's room... Huh? I thought that place would be a little too obvious to check.
Well, might as well see what that's about. Go look for other clues while I investigate.
LAVENDER: I was hoping I'd find something on the dining table.
A letter of some sort perhaps? A receipt? Something!
LAVENDER: It doesn't get any more obvious. This was a trap.
It's a letter with a red envelope.
"Dear T A L O N, Thank you for coming to our show last week!
We are pleased to inform you that you've won a free date with me, Nancy!"
Please meet me in Amber Park at exactly midnight!
Remember to be alone as this is a date solely between you and I! Don't be late!"
It's a red letter...!
HUEY: Well there's some good news?
LAVENDER: What's that?
HUEY: There aren't any perishable foods in the fridge at all! The food won't waste!
LAVENDER: H-Huey, I suppose that's good news, but that's not what I wanted to hear.
HUEY: Right, sorry Lavender.
HUEY: I couldn't find anything in the top right room.
In fact, there doesn't seem to be a whole lot to really look at here.
Doesn't that come off a little weird to you?
I feel like this place would be much messier if it was owned by a couple of school kids.
HUEY: Wait, you actually found something useful?
Haha, yeah! That's one point for us then, right?
LAVENDER: I wouldn't celebrate just yet.
HUEY: H-Hey, whoa! Don't scare us like that!
LAVENDER: Sorry, but I had no choice. I couldn't risk walking over here.
HUEY: Huh? Why not?
LAVENDER: Someone's here.
HUEY: Wha-Wha-What?! Someone's here?!
Lavender, I thought you said this should've gone well!
LAVENDER: Emphasis on "should". I implied that it could go wrong, didn't I?
I wasn't able to sense them with my mind until they got exceptionally close.
I don't know how they managed to sneak up on me and my Pokemon, but they did.
LAVENDER: I could have my Alakazam teleport us out, but I'd rather not do that.
You two can leave if you'd like, I don't expect you to stay and risk anything.
HUEY: I'm not going anywhere! Are you nuts?
I'm not going to let you stay here and get yourself into trouble you can't get out of.
LAVENDER: Huey, you'd really stay for me?
HUEY: Of course I would, what do you mean?
LAVENDER: Oh, nothing...
Let me just concentrate. I can view them remotely if I can just concentrate.
GRUNT1: Huh, so this is that brat's place?
GRUNT2: That's what the boss told us.
GRUNT1: And this place is supposed to be empty right?
GRUNT2: Yes. Everyone who usually resides here is at Axis High University due to finals week.
So we should be in the clear to look around for clues.
After we're done with that, we're going to head straight back to base. Got it?
GRUNT2: Got it. Let's just get this over with.
Floor?
GRUNT: Huh? There's more of you brats running around?
I thought this place was supposed to be empty!
LAVENDER: Don't worry, we're just as disappointed.
We're here to take whatever you found for ourselves.
What did you find anyway? Mind if I take a quick look?
GRUNT1: What? That's none of your business!
GRUNT2: How do you even know all of that anyway?
LAVENDER: Sorry, but questions aren't being accepted at this time.
If you won't give us what you found, then we'll take it from you by force!
This is really bad...
Oh no, we lost. What are we going to tell the boss?
LAVENDER: Alakazam, Psychic!
GRUNT1: Auuuugh!
HUEY: Hauughhhh!!!!!
GRUNT2: Nooaghh!!
HUEY: Heheheheheheh!
LAVENDER: Nice job, Huey. Few more hits like that and you'll gain some muscle in no time!
HUEY: Wha...? But I already got muscle! I'm stacked, right?
Alakazam, you were magnificent. Please return!
HUEY: H-Hey, don't ignore me!
LAVENDER: Here it is.
HUEY: What is it?
LAVENDER: Huh? This is just some brochure for a show being hosted at Magnolia Theatre.
Are you kidding me? What was so important about some stupid brochure?
Wait, I think I take all of that back. There actually might be something here we can use.
Remember that red envelope you found in Talon's Room?
It mentioned a date with someone named "Nancy".
On this brochure it mentions a show hosted by the same Nancy and a "special guest".
So Talon received a letter from someone who hosts shows at the Magnolia Theatre.
HUEY: Okay, well, what do we do with that information?
LAVENDER: Well we could- Huh? Looks like this brochure comes with 5 free tickets.
They're not charging people for watching the show?
LAVENDER: Uh, so... This might sound like another bad idea...
Maybe we should go and see what this whole show is all about?
HUEY: Yeah, that's a terrible idea.
LAVENDER: It's not a good idea, but we're not going to get anywhere else doing nothing.
If something terrible is happening at this show, then we have to see for ourselves.
If things go wrong, I can use my Pokemon to get us all out of there in one piece.
Besides, I've always wanted to go to one of these kind of events.
HUEY: Hm... Well, fine. I don't like it, but I'll go as well.
Let's go then?
LAVENDER: Hold on.
HUEY: What are you doing?
LAVENDER: I'm calling the cops. We can't just leave these Bladestar grunts sitting here.
They'll just wake up and tell their boss what happened.
HUEY: W-Wait, but won't we get arrested too? We're not exactly residents of this home.
LAVENDER: They would arrest us if we were caught. We don't have to make it known that we were here at all.
We just have to lie and say that we saw Bladestar Grunts heading to the Right-Wing Penthouse.
I'm sure they'll take care of the rest.
LAVENDER: There. We should get going now.
We don't want to be here when they show up.
HUEY: Yeah. Let's get out of here.
GRUNT1: Hey, check this out...
GRUNT2: What's that?
GRUNT1: Not exactly sure, but it looks really important.
Let's take this back to the boss and see what she says about it.
GRUNT2: All right. Let's keep looking.
VALARIE: Wh-What was that? The whole building shook...
Did something happen somewhere in the city?
"Doing renovations! Keep out!"
Ground Floor
None
[Map315]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
SESILIA: Oh, didn't we meet in the Sensu Meadow?
I hope you've gained some sort of appreciation for flowers... hehe...
SESILIA: Let's meet again, okay? We'll be sure to impress you.
MELIA: Wha-wha-wha??\nDid you say something \PN?
Uh...
What was that loud thud?
MELIA: Oof... What time is it?
We saw Aelita off in the morning and then we crashed...
...Was someone in our room?
MELIA: Oh no... It's a box from the Puppet Master.
Hold on, lemme go get Erin.
MELIA: And that's basically when we ran into this box here.
ERIN: We didn't have any scheduled deliveries today...
And even if we did, they get left at the front door.
MELIA: Maybe Cella left in here for us?
ERIN: Cella's not here at the moment. She went into town for supplies.
MELIA: So... Someone walked into our room and just dropped this off?
ERIN: ...Yep.
MELIA: This place isn't as safe as it feels...
ERIN: Nowhere is, you'll learn that quickly.
Anyway, are you gonna open it or not?
MELIA: Wh-What? Open it?
ERIN: It's not like it's a bomb, or anything. Or it could be.
MELIA: \PN, you open it!\|
MELIA: Yay! Thanks \PN!
You can open it now!
MELIA: So what's inside??
MELIA: What do you mean??\| You just take the box and do this!
Oh, I opened it.
Teehee...
ERIN: Oi vey...
MELIA: Huh, it's just a bunch of books. Books on top of more books.
These are just a bunch of books from...
ERIN: The Blakeory Athenaeum!
MELIA: ...That name sounds familiar.
Wait, all of these books have been checked out by...\| Rune!
Yeah, every single one of them!
This one says "Strange Phenomenons 101" and "How to-"
MELIA: I'm not saying that.
ERIN: Yeah, yeah, but what about this one?
MELIA:\c[6] "Miera Region: Origins".
ERIN: That's the region Katsu talked about on Route 4...
What is this book doing in here, and why did Rune check it out?
MELIA: Oh, and this book... It has Rune's library card...
Who the heck sent this box to us like this?
ERIN: Maybe it was the Puppet Master himself.
MELIA: ...Maybe they want us to go to the Athenaeum, or whatever it's called.
MELIA: ...Maybe they want us to go to the Atheneum, or whatever it's called.
ERIN: Athenaeum is just a fancy word for library. So just say library.
Anyway, I'm pretty familiar with that place if you want to check it out.
MELIA: We have nothing to do today, so we may as well.
ERIN: Cool. It's in the Scholar District. We can get there from Route 9.
MELIA: You guys go ahead. I wanna do a few things before I head out.
I won't be long, promise!
ERIN: Alright then. \PN, I'll meet you south of the train station.
SOUTA: Please gather both Melia and Erin. We'll need them to continue.
SOUTA: The answers Aelita seeks lie within the past.
But she will need help from you and Melia to find the truth.
RUKA: Are you here to challenge us? Heehee...
RUKA: Heehee...
ENYA: Our performances are absolutely top notch. You won't find anything like it!
ERIN: Aren't you supposed to be looking for Melia?
Don't make me wait anymore than I have to.
AELITA: Erin, please listen to me.
ERIN: I have nothing else to say to you right now, Aelita.
AELITA: I know I tricked you, but it was something I had to do.
ERIN: Perhaps that was the case.
ERIN: I'm very annoyed by the fact that you refused to just let me help you.
Instead you chose to throw me under the bus. That was always the plan, right?
I just want you to know that I actually worried about your safety.
Now I know that was a huge mistake.
AELITA: ...I don't know what else to say.
ERIN: You know, people usually say "I'm sorry" to people they've wronged.
Has that phrase completely left your vocabulary?
AELITA: Fine, be that way. Stay bitter!
I've had enough of all you anyways.
ERIN: I don't know who you were before all this, but all you do is think about yourself now.
AELITA: You all keep saying the same boring phrases to me over and over!
It's all about "the incident", and "the person I was before."
Have I really changed all that much?
ERIN: You really don't remember what happened, do you?
AELITA: ...
ERIN: Fine, let me bring some light to your "little situation".
ERIN: When I found you, you were completely untouched.
But the old woman was badly injured. We tended to her first and then the subject quickly switched to you.
Apparently, you'd been inflicted with some ancient Garufan curse.
And since Souta is a spiritual healer, we brought you to the main hall for healing.
HUEY: If you guys are ready, I'll begin the call.
MELIA: We're ready.
HUEY: Okay...
...
LAVENDER: ...Hello?
MELIA: Lavender!
LAVENDER: Melia, \PN... Good to see you. Thank you for accepting this call.
Dr. Isha said I still can't have visitors. There's nothing I can do about that one.
Technically, he said I couldn't video call either, but a nice nurse lended me her laptop.
MELIA: How are you feeling?
LAVENDER: I'm perfectly fine! Much better than a few days ago.
But, um, I'm sure you know I didn't want to call just to give an update on my health.
MELIA: ...
LAVENDER: I know exactly who turned Venam into stone, and also...
I wanted to fulfill my promise and deliver a message.
LAVENDER: I know that was hard to hear, and I'm so sorry I put Venam in that position.
MELIA: ...No, it's okay Lavender. This isn't your fault.
Will that be all then?
LAVENDER: Oh... Uh, yes. That's all.
MELIA: Thank you for relaying those messages to me, Lavender.
Please get well soon!
LAVENDER: Thank you. Bye everyone. Bye Huey.
HUEY: B-Bye!!
ERIN: So, I'm not sure how I expected you to react, but this wasn't it.
Are you alright?
MELIA: Hm? Yeah. I'm fine.
HUEY: ...Really?
MELIA: Mhm! It was nice to hear from Lavender. Really glad she's doing well.
HUEY: Mm... If that's it then, I guess I'll head out myself.
HUEY: See ya guys. Rhodea said she misses you!
ERIN: Alright, you are not okay. Let's chill outside for a bit.
LAVENDER: Oh, Doc... How long have you been standing there?
ISHA: Communication devices like that aren't allowed. You know that.
LAVENDER: I know, but... It was an asthma attack, yes, but I'm ready to leave now.
I am ready to leave soon, aren't I?
LAVENDER: ...Doctor Isha?
EFI: Oi... Do not underestimate our power. We will not let our guard down!
EFI: Oi... You're worthy of being our rival.
Contact Jan?
JAN: ...
Oh, hey \PN!
Looks like you finally made yourself to a panel, huh?
As I've mentioned before, you can use this panel here to contact me when you need help.
So please, don't hesitate to give me a call!
JAN: Huh? \PN, is that you? I actually have no idea where this is.
Um, lemme take a look at the records real quick...
What? Since when did this record get here?
Amanda knows all new Gym Leaders must go through me before approval.
Amanda, what on earth are you doing?
JAN: Anyway, what do you want to know?
JAN: Souta's ace is his Pidgeot. Mega Pidgeot, to be exact.
This Pidgeot seems to be as old as he is... I guess this guy has been with him since he was young.
That being said, it still packs quite the punch for being such an elderly Pokemon.
Souta's signature move is Heavenly Wing. It removes any stat changes on the opponent.
As such, setting up won't be easy. Keep that in mind.
JAN: The Sky Field... Very few trainers take advantage of this field, but those who do are to be feared.
Flying attacks increase in base power by 1.3x.
All weather effects and Tailwind last up to 8 turns up here. Don't forget that.
Additionally, moves like Thunder and Hurricane will never miss.
Those are the important points. If you want a more in depth guide, please refer to the Field Effect Manual.
JAN: Suggestions... suggestions... Right, okay. Let's see here...
Souta's Pokemon are at their peak power while this field is active.
Using the move Smack Down, and Gravity will pull you down to the surface.
While on the surface, Souta's threatening power will be diminished considerably.
If you don't have access to any of those moves, I'd suggest stalling out Tailwind's effects.
Jan isn't responding.
BEATRICE: Hehehe... We have plans for you!
CELLA: It seems everyone is here then. Good.
ERIN: I don't mean to be rude, but I'm really not in the mood for any of this.
CELLA: I understand that you're upset, Erin. I am too.
But this is necessary.
It's time we break this curse on Aelita once and for all.
AELITA: R-Really?!
MELIA: That's great news!
CELLA: Yes, well... To do that I'm going to have to tell you the truth.
AELITA: ...The truth?
CELLA: You went to Sheridan in the past and witnessed Vivian's reincarnation.
And you assumed that this was to learn about the origins of your mother, Taelia.
AELITA: Yeah?
CELLA: Unfortunately, this isn't the case. Taelia isn't your mother.
AELITA: What are you saying, Eldest? Keta's wife was Taelia!
CELLA: Taelia and I survived the calamity thanks to Anju's crystal.
And eventually it was Kenneth that found Taelia and I in a small home.
MELIA: ...!
CELLA: Taelia and Kenneth fell in love and had a child, but this child was not you, Aelita.
One day, Sheridan was attacked by a cloaked figure.
They lured Kenneth out of the house, and then attacked and killed Taelia and her daughter.
AELITA: ...!
ERIN: No, Eldest, you aren't saying...
CELLA: Melia, do you remember what Vivian said back then?
\c[6]Her spell being interrupted would come with consequences.
Her consequence, was perpetual reincarnation.
When Taelia was killed, she too, was reincarnated.
\c[1]Into Aelita.
AELITA: N-No, there must be some kind of mistake here!
Some kinda... S-Some kinda...
CELLA: There is no mistake, Aelita. Kenneth witnessed it himself.
Vivian's death gave birth to Taelia. Taelia's death gave birth to you.
Vivian is who YOU are.
AELITA: That masked killer... Is that the reason why...
I wasn't chosen to be Sensei?
CELLA: Precisely. If the cloaked figure knew of your existence, he would come back.
This is why we concealed your identity.
MELIA: Why did she run off like that??
ERIN: The chains Souta put over her being are becoming undone.
CELLA: Everyone, after her! We can't let her leave the grounds!
This won't be peaceful. Everyone...\| Prepare yourselves.
AYUNA: Sigh... Are you here to watch us practice for the Festival?
If that's the case, then I'm afraid you're fresh out of luck.
All of my sisters have scattered themselves across the Terrial Region of Aevium.
How could they do this right before the Festival?! We need to practice!
AYUNA: Would you really do that for me?
I very much appreciate hearing that!
They wouldn't have left this island, and they wouldn't have gone past Route 9.
So that leaves Route 7, 8, 9, and Grand Dream City!
Please bring them back quickly!
AYUNA: Goodbye.
AYUNA: They wouldn't have gone past Route 9, and they wouldn't have left the island.
Please find them quickly!
AYUNA: Ah... so all of my sisters have returned!
Now that we're all here... would you like to complete our challenge?
You must defeat all of us in succession without losing once!
Of course, if you're successful, then you'll receive a reward.
So... what do you say?
AYUNA: Teeheehee... Excellent...
LANA: Do you believe that there is darkness present in everyone's heart?
Do you believe that humanity isn't inherently evil?
Perhaps I'll be able to change your mind about that, hehe...
Do you not wish to be with the darkness?
LANA: I have been defeated, but we're just getting started, aren't we?
BEATRICE: They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder...
I find fire to be quite beautiful... Destruction in its purest form must be preserved.
Will you be able to escape my flame?
Ah... I can feel my flame dwindling.
BEATRICE: Teeheehee... looks like I've been put out. You're not even close to winning yet, though!
MIDORI: Nature is important, don't you think? What happens when mother nature is angry?
Heehee... Would you like to find out?
Aw, I thought I'd be able to win...
MIDORI: I've been cut down, haven't I? How unfortunate.
EFI: Oi... The mind is a wonderful thing, no? What could we do without it?
Heehee... What if I took your mind away from you? How would you act?
Oi... My mind has been blown.
EFI: It seems that your mind has overcome mine. That's quite depressing...Oi.
SESILLIA: Water is the source of all life. Did you know that?
But water can consume those who underestimate it.
Are you prepared to drown?
Such fire! My water cannot douse your soul...
SESILIA: Oh dear... You're quite strong, aren't you?
RUKA: Oh you're looking quite dull and lifeless... Maybe I can zap some energy into you?
Oh, you're disgusting!
RUKA: ZINGZOOPZAPPADOOZAP!
ENYA: Have you experienced freezing temperatures? They'll have-
ENYA: Wait, what? You have? What is a Cold Truth?
What are you on about?! Let's just begin!
What is a Cold Truth and where can I buy one?
ENYA: You sure I can't look for one online?
AYUNA: You've come very far!
I am your final test... Do you think you can win?
My darling Sylveon won't be beat by some mediocre trainer.
Why don't you try and prove that you aren't one?
I can't believe you were able to defeat all of us so easily!
AYUNA: ...Well... That was certainly an experience.
You've defeated all of us, \PN!
Congratulations!
Of course, as I've stated before, we have a reward for those who complete our challenge.
And that reward is this!
AYUNA: This Eevee was once a Shadow Pokemon. Souta was able to purify it, but it still knows unusual moves.
In addition to this Eevee, I would like to present you with this. It's more of a personal token of my appreciation~!
AYUNA: A fitting reward, no?
Perhaps you should come back when you're stronger, \PN.
We'll have a more difficult challenge for you then.
AYUNA: We'll be here whenever you're ready.
AYUNA: You should come visit us when you've become even stronger!
We have a secret challenge for those who are worthy of it.
Heehee...
BEATRICE: As I've said, beauty is in the eyes of the beholder...
*Blush* *Blush*
ENYA: Your battling skills are quite impressive. I'm sure you'll go far.
The Kimono Girls are quite beautiful, aren't they? Ehehe...
MELIA: You can do this. Please bring Aelita back to us!
SOUTA: Ah, \PN has arrived, and thus, we can begin.
ERIN: So, what do you want old man?
SOUTA: Your words are like hot knives, Erin.
I prefer to use the word "retro" to describe myself.
ERIN: If that's what keeps you from being up all night, sure.
AELITA: Anyway, I'm ready for Souta to tell me everything in detail. You may begin.
SOUTA: I know I said I would tell you, and you will know in time-
AELITA: Grrrgh...
SOUTA: P-Please, calm yourself child. You will know everything!
ERIN: Aelita, cool down the flames. Be patient, now.
AELITA: Sorry.
SOUTA: Mm, yes. I asked you to gather Melia and Erin here because they are required for things to unfold.
With their help, your true self will be revealed.
However, you will live it, not learn it.
AELITA: I'm confused... I'm going to live it?
AELITA: ...You brought me a crystal?
MELIA: That's a Timesplicer Crystal! Souta, where did you find this?!
SOUTA: I've been ordered by a higher power to present this crystal to you all.
With this, you all can visit Aevium's past and experience the events there.
ERIN: Time travel... So what exactly does this have to do with Aelita? Be specific.
SOUTA: I believe your truth will be found in the Sheridan Village in the past.
AELITA: I see... In that case, we should travel immediately!
SOUTA: Ah, before that I must say one last thing.
This journey is for \PN, Aelita, Melia, and Erin.
I'm afraid Kanon will have to stay here, as he is not permitted to use this crystal.
KANON: Wh-What? I'm not allowed to go with them? But why?
SOUTA: I'm afraid I cannot specify. That's all I can say, I'm sorry.
MELIA: We won't be too long, Kanon. Please just wait here for us to return.
KANON: Here?! There's nothing for me in this place!
No, I think if I'm not welcomed back in the past... I'll have to move forward in the present.
ERIN: So you're going to leave then?
KANON: I believe I'll go out on my own and find Alexandra after all.
If my hunch is correct, I know exactly where she is.
We'll meet again in the future, I'm sure. But as you all experience a new journey, as will I.
MELIA: Okay... Well, good luck Kanon. You know I'm always rooting for you.
KANON: Thank you for your confidence in me, \PN, Melia.
ERIN: I agree with \PN. This is unnecessary. Just stay put where you'll be safe.
KANON: I refuse to stagnate here. If your confidence is lost on me then that's fine.
But I'm gone.
AELITA: Finally. How do I make this thing work.
SOUTA: Simply touch the crystal, and it should activate.
AELITA: Like this?
ERIN: I'm usually a skeptic for these sorts of things, but I'm open to anything at this point.
MELIA: I hope Kanon will be okay... But like he said, it's time to move forward.
I've traveled all the way from Johto to see the Kimono Girls from Aevium dance!
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
ERIN: Is she going to be okay? She seems so lifeless already...
SOUTA: Hm... It is possible, but it will be very difficult.
There are many locks around her heart and soul. Much more inflicts this girl than a single Garufan curse.
ELDEST: Oh Vivian...
SOUTA: Removing the chains around her heart and soul... I don't know what this will lead to.
It is best if we're prepared for a darker situation.
ERIN: A dark situation? Could you please be a little less vague?
SOUTA: Hrm... Erin, please gather the prayer slips and get ready.
ERIN: Got it.
SOUTA: The Kimono girls are in place. They shall begin their prayers.
We shall begin the ceremony immediately.
ELDEST: Hmph... I see you there with your cane held high.
Think you could swing that stick just like in the old days?
SOUTA: You know I've still got it!
ERIN: I AM GOING TO STAB MY EARS AND THEN MY EYES.
PLEASE JUST CONTINUE THE CEREMONY.
SOUTA: Hohohoho. Annoying the youth is my favorite pass time.
Anywho...
Let us begin.
SOUTA: Erin, are those slips done?
ERIN: I need a few more minutes. There's still a couple left to go!
SOUTA: Please hurry. We don't have all night!
ELDEST: These chains around Aelita's soul... Will unlocking them harm her?
SOUTA: No... but I have no idea what kind of effect it will have on her psyche.
Her mental state may be different from what you're used to.
ELDEST: I-I see...
SOUTA: I'm going to proceed with unlocking these chains.
SOUTA: Break!
ELDEST: Souta, what is this? What's going on?
SOUTA: I don't know...\| Erin, the prayer slips, please!
Erin, the prayer slips!
ERIN: I'm almost done with them you old man. These must be perfect!
If even a single one is off, these won't do a thing and all of this will be for naught!
ELDEST: Aelita, she's awake!
SOUTA: ...
No, that's not Aelita. That's-
AELITA: ...Heh.
SOUTA: Cel!
ELDEST: Don't take your eyes off her! I'm just fine...
We can't leave Aelita in this state... Complete the ritual.
SOUTA: My god... What has happened to this girl?
Could the curse be this powerful?
ERIN: What's happening in there?
ELDEST: Is there anything I can do to help the situation?!
SOUTA: Yes, by staying back!
SOUTA: Erin, please!
ERIN: Don't nag me! I'm on it!
Time to go to bed, Aelita.
AELITA: Urgh...
ERIN: After everything settled down. You woke up, but something was different.
You were far more aggressive. You broke things, damaged the place.
You even hurt one of the Kimono Girls, Beatrice.
Things got so rough that Souta considered banishing you both from the Theatre.
But ultimately he decided that it would be far to dangerous for the Eldest to handle.
Souta tried one last thing. Re-attach the chains that he removed on your soul.
With the help of the Kimono Girls, the Sealed Kimono was created. It's the one you're wearing right now.
With it and a few prayers, you can revert back to the old Aelita... for now at least.
ERIN: We weren't watching you just to make sure you were okay.
We were watching you to make sure you wouldn't harm anyone.
We're looking out for the people who live in these parts.
Now, just imagine what would happen if suddenly one prayer wasn't enough?
What if you lost sight of who you were again? What would happen?
You'd go off and hurt others because you couldn't control yourself.
I would have been responsible for each and every person you touched.
THAT'S why I'm upset with you.
That's why we cannot let you out of our sight at any moment.
Do you understand now, Aelita?
AELITA: Erin... I'm sorry. I'm so, so, sorry for everything.
ERIN: Sigh. I guess I can accept that apology. For now at least, but you better not pull anything like that again.
AELITA: Yes, I'll behave from now on.\| I just wish someone would've told me this beforehand...
ERIN: There's a chance you may go berserk if you get too upset.
So we were trying to avoid that situation at all costs. Understand?
AELITA: I understand.
ELDEST: Everyone!
AELITA: Eldest! I... I have to apologi-
ELDEST: That can wait! You all need to turn the TV on!
AELITA: What?
ERIN: Let's just do what she said.
VOLTA: Hello everyone and welcome back to the Gearen News Special!
We're here to announce the participants of the Festival Tournament coming up!
We've already gone through brackets A-D and the first bit of Bracket E, so now we're going through the final list!
The last few participants in Bracket E are...
Jean, Mary Ann, Lucien, Erin, Aelita, Venam, Melia, Kanon, \PN and the beautiful and talented Risa Raider!
VOLTA: Thank you all for watching! Tune in next time!
ERIN: ...That reporter said all of our names.
AELITA: What is with this?! I didn't sign up for any tournament!
ERIN: Considering our reactions, I don't think any of us have.
AELITA: Well surely we don't have to take part in it?
ERIN: I don't remember the TOS for signing up for this tournament, but...
I remember there being this huge thing over people not showing up for the tournament after they signed up.
A lot of money was wasted for spots that weren't filled in the end. Cassandra was livid.
If we all want to get out of this, we're probably going to have to pay a huge fee.
I think we could possibly even face jail time...
I dunno about you guys, but I'm not exactly swimming in cash.
Ughh... This is all just so awful! What can we do about this?
ERIN: I'll go down to the Dream District and see what I can do.
Aelita, I want you to stay here, or at least be with someone if you decide to wander off.
Never go out by yourself. Make sure you're with someone you trust at all times.
AELITA: Understood.
Souta is so lucky to own such a wonderful place!
I'd love to watch the Kimono Girls all the time if I got the chance!
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
LANA: We will amaze you with our powerful Pokemon and dance moves!
LANA: I can't believe you've defeated all of us without any problem!
You're a special cookie, aren't you?
I truly wish to see the Kimono Girls perform before they go to the festival.
Maybe one trainer will be good enough to complete their challenge by then...
Sigh...
Your performance was absolutely staggering!
I want to give you this for giving me a great show!
\PN got one stamp!
The more stamps you get, the more floors of the Department Store you can access!
Thank you for again for your performance!
MIDORI: Are you prepared for our power? I sure hope so.
MIDORI: Come back next time and we'll surely win.
If you say so...
I forgot how to open things.
Yes
No
Souta's Ace | Sig Move
Sky Field
Suggestions
None
I'll bring them back.
Okay, bye.
You'll be okay.
This is stupid.
[Map316]
Floor?
"Now reaching floor: Ground".
"Now reaching floor: 1".
"Now reaching floor: 2".
"Now reaching floor: 3".
All my co-workers are out of town for the month, so I have this floor all to myself!
Oh hello, what's your business here with me?
Oh, so you're looking for Rosa?
Yes that's right, I asked Rosa to give me a haircut in my own home.
I was too busy with work to go down to the Salon that day, so I asked her to come here.
After she left she said she had other haircut appointments to take care of.
Other than that bit of info, I'm not exactly sure of her whereabouts.
Hopefully I was somewhat helpful?
Now I'm growing concerned for Rosa's whereabouts.
She gave beautiful haircuts!
Gearen City used to have more streets open, but they were closed off with more buildings.
Welcome to the Aqua Building.
All floors are currently filled up, though...
I-I would advise you to not visit the third floor.
We've gotten numerous complaints about a certain tenant that resides there...
If you go up to the third floor, well, don't say I didn't warn you.
Actually, it seems like all the complaints about the person on the third floor has stopped.
That's quite amazing, actually...
Take this.
Just take it.
No questions.
I was evicted from my apartment here because I didn't have any money.
But soon my apartment was turned into an office building, and now I have a job.
That's... sort of ironic? Is it irony? I'm not sure.
???: Hurah! Hrrraugh!
Guuurraaaahhh!!
Begone!
???: Cowardice...Cowardice!
You foul demons dare haunt me in my dreams. Where I am most vulnerable?
Fight me in reality where we shall be on equal ground.
Send your next vessel to face me! We shall fight to the death!
???: Ahah! So you finally show yourselves?
Finally, an opponent from hell that I deem worthy.
You dare enter my domain?!
This is an act that warrants no mercy!
???: Gurraaahhh!!!
???: Cowardice...COWARDICE!
There is no place to run once we've set eyes!
Prepare for battle!
???: Admirable...
Quite admirable, indeed!
???: I, Mercury, 4th member of the Culvier Clan, Master of Growing Strength, shall beat you into the dust!
ROOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAARR!!!!
Impossible! Inconceivable! I could not lose!
MERCURY: Impossible... my master technique has been... foiled?
...Hold on a moment, you aren't a demon.
You are a regular trainer!
Forgive my rash nature. I shall amend this situation by presenting you with a gift.
This shard is a symbol of my defeat.
It is said that when all 5 shards are brought together, something mysterious may happen.
What this means? I do not know.
Farewell challenger. We shall meet again.
I've heard horror stories about the person who lives on the third floor.
I almost want to go up there to check it out, but I'm slightly afraid.
Perhaps I'll allow my cowardice to prevent my curiosity from blooming.
Do you have a male Cherubi? If you do, would you mind trading one for my Buneary?
That's too bad...
Yeah, let's do this!
\PN traded Cherubi for Buneary!
Thank you!
You know, sometimes people mistake me for a very old Gym leader in the Kanto region...
I've had it. I've had it. \ts[3]I've. Had. It.
I've had it up to here with the tenant on the third floor!
All the ruckus and nonsense that that insolent, inconsiderate fool spews out.
I'm going to move away from the Aqua Building and write a bad review.
How in the world is this allowed?!
It seems like all that racket is finally over with. I haven't heard anything for quite some time.
Perhaps I don't have to move after all.
I would love some Blue Moon Ice Cream...
But everytime I get the opportunity to have it, my Pokemon desperately want to taste.
Soon a taste becomes more than that and suddenly I'm fresh out of it.
Sigh...
There are 5 of us in total, but one of us is still in training.
Perhaps you've met this person by now?
Ground Floor.
First Floor.
Second Floor.
Third Floor (Top).
Leave
Stay and fight.
Yes
No
[Map317]
GROWLITHE: Prrrr!
TYNAMO: Tiyaa!
Tynamo glanced at your bag suddenly.
Its eyes shimmer like never before. It seems increasingly interested in something...
Give Tynamo a Gourmet Treat?
Tynamo has never tasted something so scrumptious, so appetizing.
It cannot hold back any longer. It must release this energy that it tried so hard to contain.
Tynamo attacked!
Tynamo seems to not care at all, actually.
Tynamo seems to be ignoring you completely.
JENNY: Hello, I'm the Officer Jenny of the Judicial District.
I would love to talk more, but I'm afraid I'm busy with... a serious problem.
Such a serious problem that I don't believe just the police force will be able to solve it.
I posted a help request at the Central Building, but no one has accepted it yet.
Hopefully someone will soon.
Are you looking for a boat ride to Gearen City?
If so, you're going to have to wait. I'm booked full with clients at the moment.
You look suspicious!
Hm, all right. I'll let you go for now.
I'm busy here! Stop talking to me!
Run! The cops are going to get you!
Eeek! What are we gonna do?!
Eeek! I don't wanna go to jail!
SKIPLOOM: Skipoo!
Is the city really perfect? Or do illegal things happen in the shadows?
Who can really know...?
What's with these buildings?
There used to be actual office buildings here, but Cassandra tore them down in favor for these.
But these buildings serve no purpose to my knowledge...
You can't even get inside of them?
It's just very puzzling...
OFFICER: Keep it moving. No needless soliciting.
What's someone as young as you doing in the Judicial District?
You haven't committed a crime, have you?
Officer Jenny ordered new flashlights for her crew, but she forgot to order batteries...
So now I have to make my way down to the Department of Dreams to bring her some.
Such is the life of a SPU delivery man.
Sigh, I have a court session to attend in a few days.
I don't know what my future holds and it scares me.
JUMPLUFF: Pleu! Pleu!
OFFICER: We work hard to make sure your life is a good one. So appreciate us sometime!
Time sure flies when you're sentenced to 34 years in prison.
I haven't actually been sent to prison before. Will I last?
Don't answer that question...
If you walk north-east from this location, you'll reach the District Building.
That's where Cassandra, our mayor, works.
Cassandra is such a sweet lady who cares about the well being of all.
I've seen some weird Pokemon appear here during a Thunderstorm at night.
They gather around the street lights like it's made out of food or something.
OFFICER: We're keeping watch for any suspicious people. Do give us a ring if you see someone like that.
"Judicial District Station".
Dude... This is just so gross to look at.
OFFICER: You should talk to Officer Jenny when you get the chance.
She has a lot to say about Grand Dream City.
VENAM: There you are! I've been waiting here for centuries.
Listen, there's something I want to show you by the Shopping District.
...It's pretty important, so when you get a moment, could you head on over there?
Unless, that is, if you don't have time at the moment.
If you want to go there with me right now, we could also do that.
VENAM: Cool, cool. Let's get a move on.
VENAM: All right. I get it. Big City and all.
Just don't take too long, okay? I got shit to do as well.
I got in trouble for causing a "public disturbance".
All I did was scream at this lady for not saying "God bless you" after I sneezed.
Like, honestly, I think she should've been the one who was arrested!
Did you know that the Judicial District is the smallest district in Grand Dream City?
The largest is the Dream District for sure.
OFFICER: Why do Police Officers use Growlithes all the time? Can you deny such a cute face?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
"Police Department".
All I wanted to do was go for a nightly stroll in the Judicial District...
But now these Growlithe keep chasing me.
What have I done wrong?
Do you want to use the Weather Board for 575$?
Which weather phenomenon do you want to request?
Rain selected.
Thunderstorm selected.
Snow selected.
Sunny selected.
Wind selected.
Insufficient funds.
What are you doing out so late?
Just don't cause any more trouble!
Nothing bad usually happens at night, but you can't be too careful!
This my first night on the job. I'm so nervous...
Aiyeeeeh! I didn't expect this!
Give me a break, kid! I don't know how to battle well!
Sorry, but only authorized people are allowed inside the Courthouse.
Have you heard of all the missing trainers?
I wonder if that's somehow connected to Rune's case...?
Walking into the Pokemon Center here at night is such a weird experience.
All the police head there for dinner because Nurse Joy happens to be a great cook!
Man, I want some of Nurse Joy's cooking...
I feel safe in this city because of the powerful police force we have!
Crime is always at a low and steady minimum!
OFFICER: Did you know that the Police are involved in the Festival of Dreams too?
Our Growlithe make for a nice and enjoyable dog show!
Yes
No
Go with Venam.
...I'm busy.
Rain.
Thunderstorm.
Snow.
More options.
Blizzard.
Sunny.
Windy.
[Map318]
I heard that the Help Corporation's main building is located somewhere in the Scholar District!
I wonder what one could do once they visit it?
If you're heading to the west, you'll find yourself at the Central Square.
If you're heading east, you'll find the Shopping District.
The bridge has been fixed so now you can access Route 7 without any problems!
If you're heading north you'll find the entrance to Axis High University.
If you're heading south, you'll find the Central Square.
If you're heading to the west, you'll find Mika's Caf and the Toy Box.
If you're heading east, you'll find the Central Square.
DRIVER: That's just great. Who decided to just walk in the middle of the street and just stay there?
Now for some reason my truck refuses to start up again. Perfect.
Hey, kid. You came at the perfect time, you know that?
Would you be willing to deliver some packages in my place?
Don't look at me like that! Of course there will be a reward for doing so.
So, what do you say? Will you help me?
DRIVER: Thanks a lot, kid. You're doing me a huge favor.
The first destination's the clerk in the lobby of the Residential District.
Return to me once you've delivered that parcel!
DRIVER: Sigh...
DRIVER: The first destination's the clerk in the lobby of the Residential District.
DRIVER: Seems like the package has been successfully delivered!
That's one job down... But there are plenty more to go.
Seems like the next job is for a woman named Patty.
She supposedly works at Mika's Caf, so that'll be the next destination.
Thank you!
DRIVER: Seems like the next job is for a woman named Patty.
DRIVER: Patty has sent me a notice of her item being delivered.
Glad that worked out!
Only two more parcels left to deliver for today...
So your penultimate destination will be in the Judicial District.
Specifically the Officer who works behind the counter.
DRIVER: Only two more parcels left to deliver for today...
DRIVER: Looks like you've gone ahead and delivered that package. Nice!
Now, for your final-
Well, this is quite awkward... It seems this package is actually a few years old...
It was for a scientist many years ago, but they left the region unexpectedly.
Because of that, they never got this thing and it's been on my truck for years.
Well, since it probably no longer matters, how about we open it?
It's a bottle of... Bubble Dew?
It says to spray these in small damp areas for the chance of a specific rare Pokemon to appear.
There's probably no purpose for this thing anymore, so I should just throw it out.
But you're a Pokemon Trainer, aren't you? Perhaps this means much more to you than it does to me.
Hey, I know a place where this bottle may become useful!
There's a place called\c[6] Forlorned Cave on Route 9.
Well, there's a small part of that cave that fits this description perfectly!
And since you did the favor of delivering all of these packages for me, I'll go ahead and spray this bottle there for you!
So be sure to go there soon to see if this thing actually works or not!
Thank you again!
I'm thinking about entering the new tournament they're hosting for the Fesitval of Dreams.
I forget the reward for it, but I hear it's really really good!
Have you ever been to one of these gates during the night time?
It's like a ghost town... It's so disturbing.
If you're heading to the west, you'll find yourself in the Residential District.
Did you know that cars and SPU trucks drive through these gates too?
I wonder if they've ever run someone over by accident...
If you're heading to the north, you'll find yourself in the Central Square.
If you're heading south, you'll find yourself on Main Street.
Yes
No
[Map319]
Pikachu is huddling in the corner.
SCIENTIST: Oh you chu that one? How about... 7 Yellow Shards?
SCIENTIST: Have it then!
SCIENTIST: You don't have enough shards.
 First Password : BEAUTY 
Charmander is scurrying around in the cage.
SCIENTIST: Really? You want that Charmander?
Charmander's really rare, so I'll part with it if you give me 10 Red Shards.
Activate the lift?
Going up!
Joltik is scurrying around the cage.
SCIENTIST: Joltik? Eh, 6 Yellow Shards.
AELITA: SEC, wake up!
SEC: Hello! I am the Security Enforcer Component, but you may call me SEC.
AELITA: SEC, we've already met. We just talked a few moments ago, actually.
SEC: No recollection.
AELITA: Sigh... fine, if that's how you wanna play, let's just get this over with.
SEC: What's that? You want to pass SEC?
SEC will let you pass...
If you give SEC the correct password!
AELITA: Password?! What password? Why is this time any different?
SEC: PLEASE INPUT THE PASSWORD.
SEC: That's oh-so correct! Congratulations! You did it!
What is the second password?
What is the final password?
SEC: Oh! Oh! Oh! You did it! You got all of the passwords!
If SEC had lips, he would kiss you right now. Alas, he does not!
Anyway, you may leave now.
AELITA: L-Leave? We got all the passwords! Step aside you stupid robot!
SEC: You're a stupid robot!
AELITA: T-Take it back!
SEC: No. Leave now!
SEC: Incorrect input!
AELITA: I'm so frustrated right now. Why do we need a password now of all times?
Maybe we should take another look around the area. We might find something new...
SEC: Oh? You do not know the password?
Too bad for you. SEC does not care in the slightest.
AELITA: This is so frustrating... Why do we need a password all of a sudden?
Haven't we seen signs around with possible passwords on them?
SEC: Huh? What do you want from me? I said leave!
Stop talking to me!
SEC: Why must you pester SEC so much?
Do you have a thing for Security Enforcer Components?
Don't worry, I shame not, but I'm currently sharing this secret all over social media!
Weird couple have strange Security Enforcer kinks!
AELITA: Wh-What?! What are you going on about?!
S-Stop this nonsense! Just blow yourself up already!
SEC: ENOUGH! SEC cannot take anymore of your annoying voices!
You constantly pester SEC. Endanger his life when all he wanted was life itself!
You destroyed all other SEC components until SEC is last component!
AELITA: Your final component? Didn't you say that you had an endless supply?
SEC: While it is true that SEC has many copies, only 3 of them are located here!
If you kill SEC again, SEC will cease to exist in the mountain! Very, very bad times!
AELITA: Well... I mean, I'm not opposed to it.
SEC: Grrr... Your indifference enrages me! En garde!
*BATTLE MODE INITIATING*!
MALFUNCTIONING.
SEC: Sigh... you leave SEC no more choices!
The only way out of this misery is death.
AELITA: ...You don't have to destroy yourself... Just move.
SEC: NO! It is SEC's duty!
AELITA: Then just do it already...
SEC: Horrible... simply horrible! You have a heart of stone, Aelita.
Sensei won't be happy to see how cold you've become in just a few minutes!
AELITA: What did you just say?!
SEC: Oh come now... Don't be so COY.
You know darn well what SEC just said.
Perhaps it is simple disbelief... or denial... or stupidity... Maybe all three...
Though we part ways here, just know that...
This ain't the last you've seen of me.
You may not see me tomorrow, or the next day... or the-
AELITA: Haha, that's what you get! You stupid machine!
The Sensei must be around here somewhere. Let's go!
???: Things are going well. Pokemon are being obedient...
Can't believe they stuck me in this oven... I just wanna get out already.
SCIENTIST: H-Huh? What are you doing here?!
Hm... I know who you are. You're \PN. The one that ruined our lab here in the mountain.
In fact, you're the reason why I'm here in the first place!
Well, whatever. I'm not going to fight you or get mad. It is what it is.
Besides, I feel like I know a way we both can help each other.
You see the Pokemon locked in cages? They're all special.
They're stolen Pokemon that went under the shadowfication process.
However, for one reason or another, they all resisted it.
Resistance can happen for a myriad of reasons.
It depends on the Pokemon's willpower, type, and species.
But because they've resisted the process, they're no longer any use to us.
I was told to sell them off to scientists for experimentation.
But I don't think they deserve any of that.
So I'm going to sell them off to you!
Take a look around! I'll tell you my price for each one of them~...
HEY, YOU. STOP.
That other man was too fast for me. I couldn't stop him.
I won't let that happen a second time!
I can't believe I let this happen to me for a second time.
I'm such an embarrassment to Team Xen.
 Final Password : SHADOW 
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
SCIENTIST: Take a look at my wares. I'll name my price.
SCIENTIST: Wow, would you look at that. You bought everything!
Thanks to you... I no longer have to burn up this cave.
I don't have much, but eh, just take it I guess.
SCIENTIST: See ya!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
Go up?
GRUNT: It looks like our operative in Sheridan has gone rogue.
Madelis has ordered our grunts to round up our Pokemon to make sure he doesn't cause any real damage.
AELITA: That stupid robot was right... Team Xen is here in the mountain!
GRUNT: What the?! Who let these children into our base?
GRUNT2: Wait, that girl... Isn't she...?
GRUNT: never mind that! Take care of them! I'll go report to Madelis!
GRUNT2: Madelis will be so proud that she'll promote us and let us live in the Team Xen complimentary condo!
Madelis is gonna be upset with us big time...
GRUNT: M-My condo dreams...\| They've been shattered!!!
AELITA: We have to find Sensei fast and clear out the mountain!
We can do it as long as we're together!
I'm the final regular grunt you'll have to challenge. Think you're up to it?
Ugh, I talked all big, but now I have nothing to show for it.
Maybe I should be sure to win the next time I want to talk high and mighty.
SEC: ...Yawn... Who turned on the brightness that are lights?
SEC: Oh, it's only you, slick.
Man, you sure do know how to annoy someone!
I didn't actually think you'd run up all the way here.
Not that I'm complaining...
Anyway, you know the song and dance now, right?
*SWITCHING TO BATTLE MODE*
You will fail.
What? Again? SEC loses?
SEC: HOW COULD YOU.
How could you do this to SEC again?
All SEC wanted was to see you succeed. To see you bring in that paper!
But all you do is reject me! Reject SEC all you want!
AELITA: This one has a stick of dynamite, too!
Wait, SEC, before you blow yourself up! I have a couple of questions for you!
SEC: A couple?! You only beat me once! You get one question!
AELITA: Once? Did you forget about your defeat on the bottom level?
SEC: The clock is ticking, pal. Do you really wanna argue?
AELITA: Fine... then answer this.
That Pokemon you used before was a Shadow Pokemon, right?
What are they and why didn't you use them this time!
SEC: That's two questions! You cannot trick SEC!
I will answer the latter.
I didn't use a Shadow Pokemon this time because production just start-
AELITA: ...
He exploded.
Argh... Whatever, what he said was good enough.
Looks like Shadow Pokemon are only just now being produced.
There probably aren't many out there at the moment.
We still don't know about Sensei's whereabouts, but this is good to know too!
We should be close now...
SEC: \ts[1]Yaaaaawn...\| Man, who turned on the lights? So rude!
SEC: Oh...\| I guess I'm not too surprised. But I really thought you guys would be one with the magma at this point.
Awww man, this is sooooooo lame. Why are you guys bothering me now?
This was supposed to be my secret sleeping hideout vacation.
AELITA: We're here for a completely unrelated reason to you. Trust me!
I was so happy when you said we got rid of the rest of your copies.
But clearly that was a tall tale.
SEC: Hahaha, yeah. I lied about that. I wanted at least one of my copies to be safe.
It's all just about survival! Nothing personal or rude about it, y'know?
AELITA: Survival aside, you're in our way. So what's the deal there?
SEC: Oh?\| I am?\| Hold on, lemme just stretch my legs and get up...\| Oh wait...
SEC: Dingus. I cannot grow arms or legs. I am attached to the floor. Go home!
AELITA: There's no way we're going home now.
So either you learn to grow legs and move, or we'll do it for you!
SEC: Oop.
This is fine. \nSEC accepts your blood lust and will fight to the death!
SEC: Die alone in a senior citizen home!
What...? But SEC put in everything? Why SEC still lose?
SEC: HOW COULD YOU?
SEC just wants to survive! Sec just wants to be homecoming queen!
SEC has nowhere to go! SEC has been evicted from the premises 3 times before this!
How long must SEC go without a home? Do you wish death upon lonely ol SEC?
AELITA: I don't wish anything on anybody.
You're just in a very inconvenient spot. We need to pass and you're making that difficult!
SEC: Fine, if you want SEC to go then SEC will go!
But just know this, slick...
This isn't the last you've seen of me, oh no...
SEC knows everything about your future. SEC is clairvoyant!
SEC will see you again. Tomorrow? No... Next week? No!
Who knows when that day will come? Only SEC knows!
So you better watch your back, slick.
AELITA: Just blow yourself up-
AELITA: ...Good.
Let's just go already. We don't have much time.
Madelis ordered us to stop the intruders from getting any farther!
There's no way you're that strong...
If you're that strong, then maybe you do have a chance at stopping Madelis...
Happiny is pretending to be a hard-boiled egg on Easter Sunday.
SCIENTIST: Giving this one a chance? I'd give it up for 6 Blue Shards.
AELITA: There's a SEC drone down here... But why here of all places?
I thought he said that we defeated all of his copies from before?
Furfrou barely fits in the cage. There are red lines around its body.
SCIENTIST: Furfrou? That one has a funny story behind it.
We stole it from this old lady at Goldenwood Forest.
It's pretty strong so it's a shame that it resisted shadowfication.
I'll give you that Furfrou for uh... 8 Yellow Shards.
You all love to mess with our plans, don't you?
I wasn't able to defeat you...
Madelis will take care of you loathesome trainers.
 Second Password : IDOL 
Yes
No
Input Password.
I don't know it...
46th Floor
None
[Map320]
???: Hm... I wish I had a better life.
[Map321]
???: Gyaooooraoooo!!
Something roars violently down by the lake...
I'm ready to work! Just set me in the right direction!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
GYARADOS: Gyraaoo!!
Gyarados will finally be able to rest in peace.
???: That's a job well done, \PN.
C: Because of you, Goldenwood Forest is safe once again.
Though... It'll take a while for everyone to get readjusted and come back.
This place really will be a forest for a little while then, huh?
I suppose that's not totally a bad thing, but what do I know?
I don't have anything to give you right now, but if we ever meet again...
You should come speak with me!
I'll have something really nice for you!
I've gotta hit the road for now. I'm sure my rangers back at home are waiting for their next command.
See you around, \PN!
ADRIENN: This place... I've never seen a place like this before.
Before Reborn was a city it was a luscious grassland with lots of trees and grass...
But something about this place feels... sad?
Jan said he already had an outline for this, so we'll just follow that.
Talk to me whenever you're ready to begin.
Oh, and last thing...
If you have anything else you want to do while doing this, that's fine.
Feel free to cancel this request.\c[6] Your progress will be saved regardless.
I understand that this may be a large undertaking, so take all the time you need.
ADRIENN: Do you need anything?
ADRIENN: First we're going to have to restore the pathways.
We'll be needing workers, money, and resources to get this done efficiently.
We'll need three workers, $48,000, and preferably one Scyther.
ADRIENN: What would you like to submit?
\GADRIENN: We'll be needing about $48,000 to pay our workers and gather resources.
\GAre you ready to contribute?
\GADRIENN: Thank you! We have enough money for the first step of the process!
ADRIENN: Understandable. Please come back when you've gathered enough!
ADRIENN: Sorry, but you don't have enough money...
ADRIENN: We already have enough funds for the first step of the project.
ADRIENN: Are you sure you want to submit this Scyther?
I won't be returning it to you after you've submitted it.
Its ownership will be handed over to the restoration project.
ADRIENN: Okay, I'll be taking that Scyther. Thank you!
ADRIENN: I understand. Pokemon are special beings that must be handled with care.
ADRIENN: Make sure Scyther is first in your party.
ADRIENN: We already have a Scyther. One will be enough.
ADRIENN: Any worker you want to submit will appear here.
We'll go through the verification process once we have everything.
ADRIENN: We'll be needing your help! But please, take your time.
ADRIENN: When it comes to workers, I'm not sure if I can help you that much.
This place is close to Goldenleaf Town. Maybe someone there is willing to help?
Jan also told me what happened to Akuwa Town a long time ago.
They were all returned with a Xen Battleship, right? Perhaps not everyone was ready to return...
As for the last worker... Maybe somewhere on Terajuma?
Sorry, that's all I have for now.
ADRIENN: Scyther... I'm not sure where you can find one of those.
Perhaps you can find it somewhere tropical?
ADRIENN: Let's see here...
We have all the workers needed to pull off the reconstruction!
We don't have all the necessary workers to fulfill our tasks...
We have a Scyther to cut away all the grass and shrubbery in the area!
We still need to get our hands on a Scyther. That's really important.
The funds needed to continue the project has been gathered!
We still need to gather funds for resources and paying our workers.
ADRIENN: Goodness! We have everything we need to continue the project!
Well then, let's get started! This'll be a group effort!
\PN, Adrienn, Scyther, and the other three workers got to work!
ADRIENN: Come back when everything's been successfully gathered!
We're going to make this place beautiful! Just you watch!
Goldenwood Forest has never been the same after the Team Xen invasion.
People have avoided this place ever since then. The forest is retaking the area.
With the advent of destruction, comes the birth of new life. An endless cycle.
With destruction, brings life. An endless cycle.
Goldenwood Forest... I used to come here when I was small.
Everything's so different now.
SCYTHER: Sytha!
Scyther is cutting away at dead shrubbery and rotten wood.
Wispy Path - East.\nGoldenwood Cave - North.
They say that Cubone may evolve differently if exposed to the Goldenleaf area.
I wonder what's so special about this land that causes such a difference in evolution?
"Goldenwood Cave."
Restoration
Any tips?
Progress
What's the goal?
I want to submit something!
Nevermind
Money ($48,000)
Scyther
Workers
None
Yes
No
Submit Scyther
On second thought...
Workers?
[Map322]
REN: Alright now listen here, missy. Stealing is wrong, you know that?
ANASTASIA: ...Yes.
REN: Then why did you steal from me? Just give me back the ticket.
ANASTASIA: W-Wait, I have a deal to offer you...
REN: D-Deal? C'mon, I don't have money to spend right now!
ANASTASIA: I don't want your money! I need your help...
REN: You need my help?
ANASTASIA: I need help, confronting m-my mommy...
REN: ...Wait, what?
ANASTASIA: Mommy is the President of Rejuvenation Co.
I can help you get in without any problems...
I just need you to be there in case... Mommy gets mad.
REN: So basically you want me to be a body guard?
Hm... Yeah, I can do that.
But again, stealing is wrong. I would've helped you anyway if you just asked me.
ANASTASIA: I'm sorry... I won't do it again, um...
REN: It's Ren, what's your name?
ANASTASIA: I'm Anastasia!
REN: Anastasia, huh? Okay, let's go to your mother.
REN: I don't have any business in here... I should stick to the plan.
"Altair Manor".
Yeeters
???: You would do well not to speak out of line.
REINA: Uh... Ren? Where are we? Weren't we in that wrecked city?
REN: Uhm, I'm not actually sure... There was a bright white light and then-
???: Do not ignore me!
State your name, and your business here in Aevium.
REINA: Jeez, you want my Social Security too? I gotta keep some secrets.
???: Speak out of line once more and I shall cut off your head!
REINA: Eeeeep!
REN: Listen, there's no need to be so violent... We're just as confused as you.
Do you happen to know where we are? We were just in Alamissa Urben.
???: Alamissa Urben? I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about...
But I'm the one asking the questions here!
???: Hazuki? What's going on?
HAZUKI: Lady Anju... Please excuse me. I was just taking care of the anomaly I mentioned.
ANJU: You mean the ones that fell from the sky?
Hm...?
ANJU: Do my eyes deceive me? Is that \PN back there?
REN: What? You know \PN?
HAZUKI: Wait... You're friends with Lady Anju?
HAZUKI: P-Please pardon my transgressions... I did not know they were friends with Lady Anju.
Lady Anju...\| I am not fit to be your protector. With the order, I shall take my own life.
HUEY: W-Wait... There's no need to do something like that!
ANJU: Agreed, there's no need to be so formal, Hazuki.
You're a Protector of Aevium, just like myself. You don't have to protect me.
HAZUKI: B-But it is my duty...
...I understand. I shall do better next time.
ANJU: That aside-- \PN, what are you doing here? I thought you returned to your own time?
REN: Returned to their own time? Wait, you don't mean that we've somehow... traveled backwards in time?!
ANJU: Oh... I see. Well, let me explain.
HUEY: Sooooooo, okay... WHAT?!
What are we doing in the past?! My head is hurting!
REINA: It must've been that bright light we saw...
After that, everything went blank for a few moments, and then we woke up here.
ANJU: Oh dear... This sounds very troublesome.
If I'm understanding correctly, you all haven't come here out of your own choice?
HUEY: Um... No. No way.
ANJU: I see... Well, that's a problem. I would take you back to Kugearen City, but-
REINA: Th-That was an earthquake! Why was it so strong?!
ANJU: \PN... Things haven't been going so well here.
HAZUKI: It began with small weather abnormalities, but now it's turned into periodic tremors.
Some of them have been so strong that the ground has opened up.
I was escorting Lady Anju to Hiyoshi City, but we were interrupted by a large magnitude and a great white flash. When we came around, a rock slide from
Mt. Valor blocked off the way back to Kugearen City.
ANJU: So unfortunately, going back is no longer an option.
However, I believe there may be someone who can get you back to your own time in...\| well, no time!
HAZUKI: Lady Anju, you don't mean...
ANJU: Yes, we shall bring them to Lady Nymiera.
If anyone would know what to do, it would be her.
Come now, everyone. Hiyoshi City isn't far from here.
Hazuki, let's go.
HAZUKI: Of course, Lady Anju. Let me lead the way.
HUEY: So are we just gonna follow them?
REINA: What else are we gonna do? Stay here?
REN: \PN trusts them, and they seem like nice people...
And it's not like we have anything else we can do.
REINA: I don't like that girl with the sword. She's mean.
HUEY: She was just doing her job. You're the one who tried to be smart to someone holding a weapon.
REINA: Not one of my brightest ideas, I admit.
Well, if we're gonna follow them, we probably should get going.
HUEY: Yup! Lead the way!
What are we going to do? The road was blocked by the rock slide!
These earthquakes are getting out of control...
I'm starting to get really worried for this region...
[Map323]
MELIA: ...
MELIA: It's another one of those doors...
Saki's scream seems to have come from this door, but that's actually what concerns me.
What are behind these doors are... well... let's just say there's a reason Saki's screaming right now.
MELIA: Saki, please be okay!
KINGLER: Kingler!
Kingler seems to be determined to stay in this spot.
MELIA: This door... I've definitely seen it somewhere before.
VALARIE: Sigh, I'm done checking the last room. No Saki, unfortunately.
Where could she have gotten off to?
???:\ts[1] Kyahhhh!!!!
VALARIE: That scream!
MELIA: That scream was definitely Saki! It came from behind this door!
That could mean that... Oh no, Saki, hold on!
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
Yes
No
[Map324]
SAKI: ...
SAKI:\ts[1] They're heeeeereeee!
SHARPEDO: Sharpna!
SAKI: Wait, what? That's all there is?
C'mon, where are your friends? They were here just a moment ago!
SHARPEDO: ...
SAKI: Yes! Yes, that's it! Show me your aggressive nature!
FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!
SHARPEDO SQUAD: Sharpeo!!
Sharrrraaa...
SHARPEDOSQUAD: ...
SAKI: Hm... Well, that's done with! Time to leave!
MELIA: Saki, what was all of that? Did you summon all those Sharpedo?!
SAKI: Oh, those guys? Nah, I had no idea they were there. Which is why I screamed.
But I decided to have a little fun and taunt 'em.
And I wasn't gonna deal with no sharks, nu uh! I have seen Sharpnado and I am not getting into that mess!
MELIA: ...
Saki, how did you even end up here?
SAKI: Oh yeah, after I got thrown off the boat I roamed around until I found this cave!
\c[6]Then I saw this girl with red hair or something. Her name was...
Frey... Freyer... Freida? Something like that! Anyway!
I was being attacked by a blue whale and she swooped in and saved me!
And she was like pshaw!! Then I was like WHOA... Then she was like byoom byoom...
VALARIE: I think I lost at least five brain cells from listening to you tell a story...
MELIA: Well, at least you're safe. That's all that matters right now.
SAKI: Hehe, yeah it is! So where are we droppin', fam?
MELIA: We made plans to go to Teila Resort. Not only is there a Gym there, but apparently that's where the Earth Relic--
SAKI: Teila Resort? Oh yeah, I've been there a couple times!
I'll meet you guys there!
MELIA: She really doesn't like to sit still...
VALARIE: Yeah, that's Saki alright. We shouldn't let her get lost again.
MELIA: Let's make our way out then.
SQUIRTLE: Squirtle!
Squirtle looks at you with confusion and also much displeasure.
Do you want to give Squirtle a Gourmet Treat?
...
SQUIRTLE: Squirtle Squir!
What? It looks like Squirtle absolutely hated it.
In fact, it looks so displeased that it wants to take its anger out on you!
Are you willing to challenge this little beast?
Let the bloodbath begin.
Squirtle calms down.
It doesn't seem to notice you.
CLAMPERL: ...
This Clamperl looks hungry.
Feed Clamperl the Gourmet Treat?
The Clamperl is filled with energy!
Clamperl jumps towards you!
Clamperl looks at you with distaste.
It ignores you.
VALARIE: Saki, do you need us to get you? Hey, why aren't you saying anything??
MELIA: Saki?! What is she doing alone on that island?
SAKI: \PN, please take care of these UGLY, LEATHER SKINNED TURDS FROM THE VOID!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map325]
Catch Poliwag's attention?
\PN flashed the whistle and played a familiar tune.
POLIWAG: Poli!
Poliwag headed to Route 3!
???: Huh? Damn, didn't expect someone to find their way back here.
Watcha doin all the way out here for? Trying to catch really rare Pokemon?
I hear that, I guess. It's respectable.
I'm here to reminisce on the past.
There's a lighthouse I like to visit here-- And I know what you're thinking...
Why would anyone build a lighthouse inside a cave?
Well, they wouldn't. It used to be on top of the cave.
Long time ago, my Grandpa used to make money by running the lighthouse.
It was barely enough to keep us alive, but one day the ground holding up the lighthouse gave way and it fell way down here.
Of course there's no way a lighthouse can make money when it's stuck in some cave.
We didn't make anymore money, and my Grandpa took his frustration out on me.
I didn't want any part of that so I got up and left. Heard a place called Grand Dream City had better opportunities.
Ah well, that's enough of that story. Bad memories.
I gotta go. Thanks for listening.
DYLAN: Pfft... How'd you two find me?
ANA: A little birdie told us about this place. No big deal~...
DYLAN: A little birdie, huh?
ANA: Mhm...!
DYLAN: Don't dance there all smug. I'm sure you just asked around for where I was.
ANA: Actually the clerk at the restaurant just told me after I mentioned your name.
She told us a lot of things, actually.
DYLAN: Like?
ANA: Hm... Only that you punched your grandpa in the eye so hard that he went blind.
DYLAN: Oh... I actually... didn't know that happened.
ANA: Oh.
DYLAN: I mean the blind part. I know I socked him in the eye.
Damn... Oh well, he asked for it.
ANA: Well, I'll take your word for it.
DYLAN: Wait... Hold on a sec, \PN.... WAIT WAIT WAIT...!
ANA: Wh-What? What? What's going on?
DYLAN: Oh \PN you sly dog... Didn't we meet here before? In this cave?
ANA: H-Huh?!
DYLAN: Aw fuck, talk about deja-vu. We totally did!
My memory is so fucking bad, I'm so sorry. I didn't even remember!
That's so funny, bahahahahaah!
ANA: Wow, you two met here a long time ago then?
It's a small world, I guess.
DYLAN: Hah... Anyway, why'd you two come here anyway?
ANA: Oh! That's right. I... We, brought you a snack!
DYLAN: Huh?
ANA: Some Lava Cookies from that restaurant I mentioned earlier.
I didn't want to wait until they got cold. They were freshly baked!
DYLAN: Lava Cookies... I haven't had these in such a long time.
Thanks you guys, I appreciate it.
ANA: Five for you.
And five for \PN!
ANA: It's no problem! Thought you might enjoy some of it too!
DYLAN: Hell yeah they do. Taste even better. I used to eat these things like popcorn when I was younger.
Put on a lot of weight because of it, but damn it! It was worth every pound!
DYLAN: You're not having any, Ana?
ANA: Oh, Nah. I don't need to eat. Sleeping and water is all I need.
DYLAN: Oh, yeah. Right.
ANA: This island is beautiful, you know...?
The crystal blue waters... The actually blue crystals...
Never thought I'd be able to see any of this in my lifetime.
DYLAN: Life is full of surprises.
ANA: It sure is...
Dylan...\| \PN... \|I know I say it a lot but, thank you.
Because of you two...\| I'm so happy.
NATALIA: Thank you for getting me out of that toxic city.
Everything's such a rush. No one ever wants to slow down.
But here... The water's calm... Everything is just chilling out!
This is how the world should be. At least, some of the time.
DYLAN: There are pros and cons to each type of environment.
NATALIA: Oh yeah? Like what?
DYLAN: It's kinda boring out here sometimes. It's a little too quiet.
NATALIA: Not for me, I love this.
If I never had to go back to Grand Dream City ever again, I'd be fine with that.
DYLAN: You know I can't stay here...
NATALIA: Yeah, I know. It's just wishful thinking on my part.
*Sigh*... Visiting this "favorite spot" of yours will have to do for now.
Besides, you're the reason...\| I'm so happy.
DYLAN: ...Yeah. It was my pleasure.
ANA: Not even here...? Where could he be...
To be continued...
Locked.
\PN turned the key and unlocked the door!
Yes
No
Thank You!
These look so good...
[Map326]
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
It's odd to see a child all the way down here.
Well, I suppose it's not too weird. Your strength says it all.
Aquamarine Cave is home to Trainers who spar in secret.
Enough of all of this! I shall complete my 100 win-streak with you!
NO... I LOST ON MY 100TH BATTLE?! FUCK.
NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!
I fell down here three months ago and now I'm here forever!
I guess this is my new home!
My friends and I will stay down here forever.
WORKER: Ergh... I can't believe I spent too much time down here.
I feel so weak that I can't even move. It's so annoying...
Hey, kid, you wouldn't happen to have Protein?
Give him a Protein?
\PN gave the worker a vial of Protein.
WORKER: ...Ah, that's so much better!
Thank you so much for bringing that for me. I feel so much better already.
I was given this Pokemon to help with my work, but I don't have enough badges to use it effectively.
You look like you're competent. Why don't you take this with you?
WORKER: I'm gonna get going. Thanks again, kid!
WORKER: Ah, you don't... That's unfortunate.
If you happen to have some Protein, you should bring it to me.
It's always good to be prepared for anything!
I thought my combination was impossible to beat!
I'll just have to train and get stronger.
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
My girlfriend refuses to battle with me. She said we need to learn to fight alone!
Hrgh... I'll get better...
I'll never be good as her...
VENAM: Hey, she's fine. Why did I even worry?
AMBER: You and \PN are some of the most persistent people I've ever met...
Even after almost falling to my death you just jump on down after me.
VENAM: We just wanted to make sure you were okay.
AMBER: Do you know how dumb that was? There could've been an endless pit, or spikes...
We'd all be stupid dead teenagers down in a pit where no one would find us.
VENAM: Yeah, well, there wasn't any of that so get over it.
VENAM: Sooo, where are we right now?
AMBER: Obviously we're still in Aquamarine Cave.
VENAM: Yeah, I got that part, genius. I meant where in Aquamarine Cave.
AMBER: I've never been here before. Didn't even know this place existed.
But that doesn't mean this place is undiscovered. I just rarely leave my room.
VENAM: Same.
VENAM: Whoa, did that poster just appear out of thin air?!
AMBER: Tch... It's not the first time either.
Whenever I practice my songs, this flyer would appear and disable my instruments.
It's all because of that wench, Angie!
VENAM: Angie? Kristiline Town?
AMBER: You seriously haven't heard? Angie recently appeared in Kristiline Town.
She's been causing a lot of trouble lately without opposition.
Everyone's too scared of her to do anything.
VENAM: Uh, that's not good?
AMBER: Yeah, no kidding. But who cares about that right now?
I'm tired, I'm cold and I wanna go home.
VENAM: How do we get outta here?
AMBER: I don't know?? Just walk around and look for the exit.
VENAM: Tch... So pushy.
Yes
No
[Map327]
MELIA: This must be Teila Resort. We've finally made it!
VALARIE: Huh, this place looks like it'd drain my entire bank account.
It sort of makes me want to puke, actually?
Can you guys smell the pretentiousness, or is that just me?
MELIA: Oh, yeah. I can smell it!
It smells sort of like... strong perfume and bankruptcy!
SAKI: What? I don't smell it!
VALARIE: Haha, I wonder why?
SAKI: What are you trying to say??
MELIA: Anyway... Pretentiousness or not, they have a Gym here.
Ultimately, that's our goal. We should see if they're accepting any challenges.
Also look out for the Earth Relic. It's supposed to be around here somewhere.
SAKI: Wait, wait, wait! I have something to say!
MELIA: O-Oh? What is it?
SAKI: Okay, so this place is the final Gym on the island, right?
Would you say this place is \PN's last... resort?
MELIA: Saki, you're disgusting...
VALARIE: You know, Saki? I think I liked you better when you were missing.
SAKI: Aw come on guys, that was funny!
MELIA: That's highly debatable.
SAKI: Man, I thought that one was good! I guess I suck at this.
Oh well! You win some! You lose some!
Locked.
VENAM: Melia, what are you doing?! You need to rest!
MELIA: I'm sorry... I'm tired of resting.
Everything... Everything that's gone on up to this point has been because of me!
I don't want to cause anymore pain. No one else should suffer because of me!
Angie was right! I pulled my friends all over this island because I was afraid!
I have to do this on my own, Venam. Please don't follow me.
VENAM: Grrgh... Damn it! What the hell!
MELIA: No... I'm tired of resting... Everything that's happening right now...
It's all because of me... Everything!
How about you and I go back to my villa? I have some cool board games!
We can play Scrabble? You like Scrabble, right?
How about Ekans and Ladders? That's fun, right? No?
My husband and I are on vacation to celebrate our retirement.
Thankfully working all my life has paid off at this beautiful resort!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
TESLA: ...Sorry, \PN. I can't talk right now. I have to get ready.
Are you going to take part in the Cook Off? I do love a good meal!
I also do love a good battle!
Hope they cook delicious food at the Cook Off!
MAGGY: Magy!
Please enjoy your stay here!
SAKI: Hey, hey! Are you home? Let me in! I wanna live a life of luxury too!
Pleaseeee? I promise I'll only break one thing! That isn't so bad, right? Right?
SAKI: Man, these people don't want to open up! What gives man?
They should open their doors up to the public! Right now!
Even if you're not here to stay, please visit our Spa!
Lalala... Love the Cook Off!
"Teila Resort Hot Springs".
Fishing in this town technically isn't allowed, but that hasn't stopped me before!
You're not going to tell on me, are you?
Trust me, I'm doing this resort a favor by cleaning the waters!
ANA: Hey \PN... Did you get enough info for our dishes?
ANA: Okay, so like I said before... We need to choose an appetizer, a main course, and a dessert.
What should we do for an appetizer?
ANA: Right, I'll write that down...
What about the main course?
ANA: Alright, got it... and finally...
What do we want to do for dessert?
ANA: Alright, got it! Hopefully this works... Let's go check in with Gigiorno now.
Alright, I'll wait here until we're both done scoping out ideas.
My wife and I came from the Johto region. Our hometown there is Ecruteak City.
For whom the bell tolls?
We're here to make your stay as pleasant as possible!
Please ask us if you need anything!
"Teila Resort".
Trainers need to be prepared for any situation!
I thought I was prepared...!
I'm going to train more until I'm properly ready for any situation!
GIGIORNO: You guys ready to cook?!
GIGIORNO: Alright, but not too much longer now y'hear? Or you forfeit!
GIGIORNO: Oh, you came so soon? I'm still busy setting up.
Come back in a little while. Bwahaha!
VALARIE: Would you take a look at this place?
I've only ever heard this place was amazing through other people, but...
I never would've imagined this place would look as gorgeous as it does...
Maybe one day I'll be able to come and live out here.
Yes, that sounds absolutely amazing...
VENAM: I'm ready to fight this wench. One, two! Right in the damn face!
\GCLERK: Hello! Care to buy our famous Berry Juice? It's $1000!
\GCLERK: Please come again!
CLERK: Sorry, but you don't have enough money!
CLERK: Suit yourself! You're missing out!
They say that Kristiline used to reside where we are right now.
But after "The Calamity", it was separated from the mainland and drifted out into the sea.
PYUKUMUKU: Pyukumuk!
It looks like there's something cooking... It smells sorta weird?
You should take part in our Luxury Cook off! We promise it'll warm your heart and soul!
Hmm...? The judges for the Cook Off? I believe one of them is Nurse Joy from Kakori Village.
I hear she likes\c[6] savory and sweet foods, but detests spicy and bitter food.
Hope that helps you out!
MELIA: Looks like the Gym Leader of this resort is called Amber Von Brandt.
Apparently she works here as a musician. Wonder what kind of instrument she plays?
MELIA: Are you ready to go to Kristiline Town?
We might not be able to come back for a while so make sure you're prepared.
MELIA: Okay... Let's go.
MELIA: Okay, we'll wait here for you. But please hurry!
ANA: This place is such a relaxation paradise!
This lady gave me a Berry Juice for free. I can handle liquids, so I went ahead and tried it...
It was so sweet and tasty... I loved it! I love the fruity drinks here~!
???: Oh come on... Will no one challenge me?!
ANA: Huh...?
???: Is anyone strong enough to challenge the mighty Gigiorno?!
Anyone at all?!
ANA: Hm.... A challenge? Maybe this our big break, Maggy!
Think we could take 'em?
MAGGY: Magnami!
ANA: Hey Gigiorno! We accept your challenge!
GIGIORNO: Is that right?! That's what I like to hear!
ANA: Yep, I'll use Maggy-
GIGIORNO: Then it's settled. You shall be my challenger for the Teila Resort Cook off!
ANA: Yep, and then-
ANA: C-Cook off?!\| Not a Pokemon battle?!
GIGIORNO: Of course not! I am Gigiorno, the cook off champion for 3 years straight!
ANA: Ch-Champion?!
W-Wait, there seems to be some kind of miscommunication here.
I didn't know this was for a-
GIGIORNO: Ah-ah-ah...! No takesies backsies! You're already on!
STAFF: Ma'am, please turn around.
ANA: H-Huh?!
STAFF: There, now we have your picture! You're all registered!
Good luck, Ma'am!\| You'll need it!
ANA: WAIT. I... I DON'T.
GIGIORNO: Come talk to me when you're ready to compete. I'll be waiting!
ANA: ...
I.
I've never cooked anything ever.
\PN you have to help me!
Please tell me you've cooked before!
ANA: Oooooo! Really? Then this will be easy with you on my side!
You should be my partner and help me through this!
I don't know what the prize is for winning, but with you by my side, I know we'll win for sure!
Thank goodness you're a world-renowned chef, or we'd be in a lot of trouble. Hehehehe.
Please tell me that's the truth.\| Wait, don't tell me.
I need to cling onto hope. Yes... Hope. I'll believe the lie... I mean, the truth.
*wink*
Wait, I don't have eyes. I can't wink. Oops. Just pretend I did.
ANA: N-No, you can't just leave me like this! I don't want to be fish food!
Listen, I don't know how to cook.\| You don't know how to cook.
That means we're both negatives, right? Two negatives make a positive!
Together we can win and escape total and utter humiliation!
...Or we could fail miserably and be the laughing stocks of Teila Resort.
We. Can't. Let. That. Happen!\| We just can't!
ANA: We're so screwed.
ANA: Okay, so I practically begged one of the staff members to help me out with this.
They gave me some pretty nice info!
There are three judges that will be grading our performance.
They all have pretty different tastes, so we've gotta be able to wow them with...\| I dunno!
But we have to make an appetizer, a main course, and dessert...
What do we dooooooooooooooo?
Let's ask around the resort for ideas, okay? Maybe we can get a feeling for what the judges may like.
Yeah that sounds like a good idea! We can do this!\| Go team!
Come speak with me when you're done talking to people...
AMBER: Hey!
You're leaving already? Why are you in such a rush?
... That's okay! I have a better idea.
How about you and I have our own party at my house?
Hell yeah, screw this lame party! We'll have our own.
Don't you dare not show up either! You may be stronger than me, but I WILL find you!
I'll be in my room. Do you remember where that is?
AMBER: Good! It wouldn't have been pretty if you forgot.
AMBER: How did you forget already? Did I really just lose to you?
My room is downstairs, past the pool area? Remember?
This isn't rocket science!
You'll be happy at the Teila Resort! Teila Resort is here for everyone!
I heard the judge from Kakori, Nurse Joy, LOVES sweet food! Wow!
"Teila Resort."
Where's my food? Will you buy moves while I wait?
Please buy one, my family is dying.
Aqua Tail will be 4 Blue Shards!
Is my food here yet? Thanks by the way.
Sorry, but you don't have enough shards.
Magic Coat will be 4 Blue Shards.
Electroweb will be 3 Yellow Shards.
Come again!
It's always a good moment to dance! No matter what day, time and or place!
The main judge is usually Tesla or Amber, but they're both unavailable at the moment...
The replacement judge is well...\| Oops, I can't tell you that, sorry!
The Cook Off is starting soon!
Anyone is allowed to contribute to our potluck soup!
I heard the replacement judge for Tesla and Amber loves savory food, but hates food that's bitter.
You can see Kristiline Town from here.
Is what I would like to say, but recently there's been an incredible blizzard that's shrouding the entire island.
I hope the people on that poor island are doing okay.
I heard one of the judges is a cook from the restaurant in Kristiline Town!
\c[6]He likes anything and everything! Not a picky eater in the slightest!
Except for healthier foods I guess, but you didn't hear that from me!
"Teila Resort Gym and Spa."
VALARIE: Saki, I'm going to the lobby to pick up some food, okay? Hold the fort until I'm back.
SAKI: Kaayy. Can you pick me up a slice of cake or something? I'm starving!
VALARIE: I mean actual food, Saki. Not sweets.
SAKI: Oh come on! Pretty please?
VALARIE: Goodbye, Saki.
...Whoa, what's up with this fog?
Now that I think about it... it's gotten a little chilly now, too...
VALARIE: What is this...? Snow?
How is this possible? It isn't possible it's-
VALARIE: Oh no...
SAKI: Val? What's wrong?
...
It looks like he refuses to acknowledge your presence.
Extremely odd... This person decided to come talk to me even though I'm out of the main path?
Was this not a mistake? I suppose not. I'm reporting this.
Leave me alone.
Are you here for the Cook Off? If so, you're just in time!
We're going to start soon, and as always, we have our signature Teila Potluck Soup!
Anyone is allowed to contribute to this delicious brew!
Um, yeah, after what just happened, I think we're going to check ingredients first.
Ow... My stomach.
Go where?
"Come to Teila Resort tomorrow for an awesome bash hosted by -the- talented Amber Von Brandt!"
"P.S. Bring me presents".
REFEREE: Welcome one, welcome all to the Teila Resort Cook Off!
REFEREE: Today we have a special event for all of you!
On my left, we have the famous, the gorgeous, the Teila Resort Cook Off Champion,\| Gigiorno!
GIGIORNO: Thank you, I love you all!
REFEREE: And on my right we have a tag-team of newcomers, straight from who-knows-where,\| \PN and Ana!
ANA: H-Hello! We will do our best!
REFEREE: Before we begin, I will state the rules.
This competition will be divided into three rounds.
The objective is simple. Score more points than your opponent by the end of the third round!
If it ends in a tie... the audience will decide! Sound fair?
ANA: I'm actually okay with these rules! I can deal with this.
GIGIORNO: Yes, darling. It's very simple.
REFEREE: Right, let's begin round one then. The appetizer!
On your mark...\| Get set...\| Cook!
REFEREE: And that's it! Time's up!
REFEREE: Thank you contestants for working hard and cooking an appetizer for our judges!
Let's start off with our Champion, Gigiorno!
What do the judges have to say about your Krabby and Cheese Dip dish?
CHEF: Simply divine. The cheese and Krabby mixture was amazing~\| 4/5.
REFEREE: A 4/5 is amazing! Not surprising! What about you, Joy?
JOY: I will say that the cheese was expertly melted, but...
I was surprised to find that the imitation Krabby meat was a little cold on the inside.\| 3/5.
REFEREE: A record low for Gigiorno! Wow! Still, a 3/5 is pretty good!
RORIMB: Personally I would've gone for a salad. I have to keep this figure if I want to keep dancing magnificently!\| 2/5
REFEREE: Ouch, scratch that. This is a new record low for Gigiorno This is gonna hurt his score!
And for the first round, Gigiorno has scored a 10/15! Not bad!
GIGIORNO: The score was a little low for my standards, but that's still a record high for the Resort.
So you know what? I'm happy.
REFEREE: Now, let's see what the judges had to say about \PN and Ana's dish!
Which is, by the way, the Fried (Imitation) Octillery!
CHEF: Absolutely divine! The Fried Octillery was fried to absolute perfection!!
It's not too oily, the salt amount is just right, and the dip compliments the meal very well!\| \c[6]5/5!
REFEREE: Wow! A perfect score! What does Joy have to say?
JOY: I have to say, I expected this to be too salty, but you guys did an excellent job with that!
It was savory and the like Chef said, the dips were perfect!\|\c[6] 5/5!
REFEREE: Wow! Another perfect score! What does Rorim B have to say?
RORIMB: Hmm... It was good. Much better than that Krabby and Cheese Dip Gigirono served earlier.
I could eat this without gaining too much weight!\| 3/5.
REFEREE: And that settles it! \PN and Ana scored a 13/15!
GIGIORNO: Tch...
ANA: Wow... We nailed that first round, \PN!
Which is, by the way, the Pecha Berry Salad!
REFEREE: What does Chef have to say about the Pecha Berry Salad?
CHEF: Good. The sweetness of the salad was a little odd, though...\| 1/5
REFEREE: Ouch, that's gonna hurt our competitors quite a bit. What about Joy?
JOY: I loved it, personally. I love berries in my salad! The right amount of sweetness too!\|\c[6] 5/5!
REFEREE: Wow a perfect score! Finally, what does Rorim B think?
RORIMB: What a delicious and unhealthy tasting meal, while being healthy!
I enjoy this very much. So much, that I'll have to say...\| 4/5!
REFEREE: And that settles it! \PN and Ana scored a 10/15!
They're tied with Gigiorno!
GIGIORNO: Wow... Not bad. Matching my skill? Now this is just interesting...
Which is, by the way, the Cherri Berry Blast!
What does Chef have to say about this dish?
CHEF: The Cherri Berry Blast salsa is so delicious! Very spicy too! I loved it!\| 4/5!
REFEREE: Wowie! That's a great score right off the bat! Joy?
JOY: It's a... *pant*... very... *pant* spicy... *pant*... I don't like it...\| 1/5
REFEREE: Yikes, started off high and now we're back pretty low.
And what about you Rorim?
RORIMB: Eh...\| 2/5
REFEREE: Oof. That's gotta hurt.
That settles it! \PN and Ana scored a 8/10!
ANA: We're losing... But let's not give up hope. It's only the first round!
Which is, by the way, the Matcha Sundae!
What does Chef have to say about this?
CHEF: Uh... Okay, it was very delicious, but a sundae for an appetizer?
That's such a faux pas, sorry.\| 2/5
REFEREE: Yikes, that's a low score right off the bat. What about you, Joy?
JOY: So bitter... I don't like it at all, sorry.\| 0/5.
REFEREE: Oh goodness... it's not looking good for Ana and \PN.
Rorim B, what is your consensus?
RORIMB: I like matcha a lot, but this is an appetizer, darling. Not a dessert.\| 1/5.
REFEREE: Oh no... That leaves \PN and Ana with only 3/15 points for the first round...
GIGIORNO: This is so sad... Oh well!
ANA: \PN we blew it on the first round... I don't know if we can recover from this one...
REFEREE: That's it for Round 1! Let's move on!
REFEREE: Right, let's begin Round 2! The main dish!
REFEREE: Let's see what the judges have to say about the main course this time!
Gigiorno cooked a magnificent dish of Seafood Rigatoni!
CHEF: This dish was absolutely bursting with flavor and texture! Perfection!\|\c[6] 5/5!
REFEREE: A perfect score for Gigiorno! As expected! What about you, Joy?
JOY: Splendid! I enjoyed every bite! I want more! MORE!!\c[6]\| 5/5!
REFEREE: Another perfect score for Gigiorno! Finally, what does Rorim B think?
RORIMB: It was absolutely mesmerizing. It was a little thick, though. That hampered my enjoyment.\| 4/5!
REFEREE: Wowie! Gigiorno is rocking an almost perfect score! 14/15!
GIGIORNO: Beat that kiddies~...
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Spicy Taco Twist?
Chef, you're up first!
CHEF: Tacos are a favorite of mine, but they're a little simple for a competition, no?
Nevertheless, the flavor was there. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to wow me.\| 3/5.
REFEREE: A 3/5 isn't bad! What about you, Joy?
JOY: It's.... FAR too spicy. I can't take it! \|1/5!
REFEREE: Ow... That's DEFINITELY gonna hurt Ana and \PN's score. Rorim?
RORIMB: I dunno, darlings. Yes it was spicy, but I am spicy. Therefore it was fabulous. \c[6]\!5/5!
REFEREE: Wow! An unexpected perfect score from Rorim B!
That brings \PN and Ana's score to a solid 9/15
GIGIORNO: Not bad, but not good enough!
ANA: Hm... We could've done better there. Just one more round left.
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Fried Krabby wrapped in Bacon?
CHEF: Not bad at all! I quite liked it! A bit salty, but the taste was still good! \|4/5!
REFEREE: A 4/5 is not bad at all! What about you, Joy?
JOY: I don't like to admit it, but I'm a sucker for these types of dishes...\| 4/5.
REFEREE: Another 4/5! Not bad! Finally, Rorim?
RORIM: Bit of a generic dish darling, but the taste was good. so I'll also say...\| 3/5.
REFEREE: That brings Ana and \PN's score to a nice 11/15!
ANA: That went alright... But it's nowhere close to his perfect score...
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Fried Octillery?
CHEF: It was a good dish, but... An appetizer for the main dish? That's just wrong.\| 1/5.
REFEREE: Oof, alright. 1/5. Joy?
JOY: I agree with Chef. This is not a main dish! This dish was...\| dishappointing! \|1/5!
REFEREE: Oh no... two 1/5's for \PN and Ana.
RORIMB: You know what, darling? It was light, delicious, and tasty.
It may not be a main dish but I liked it.\| 4/5
REFEREE: That brings \PN and Ana to a score of 6/15. Not looking too great.
GIGIORNO: Hmph. I knew it.
ANA: That didn't go well at all...
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Iapapa Cheddar Parm?
CHEF: What can I say? I'm very much blown away by this dish.
The berry choice was absolutely perfect. The cheese was amazing, and the overall flavor and texture was to die for.\c[6]\| 5/5!
REFEREE: Wow! A perfect score! Amazing! What about you Joy?
JOY: Chef really said it best. I just agree with everything he said. Absolutely incredible! \c[6]\|5/5!
REFEREE: Incredible!! Two perfect scores for the newbies?! Are they prodigies or something?! Rorim B!
RORIMB: I... I am at a loss for words. Nothing has tasted so divine in my life. I... I am moved... I am so SO SO. MOVED. \c[6]\|5/5!
REFEREE: I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! A PERFECT ROUND FOR \PN AND ANA!
GIGIORNO: Wh-WHAT?!
ANA: \PN! We did it! We're amazing! I can't believe it!
REFEREE: Right, let's begin Round 3! Dessert!
REFEREE: For the final time, let's see what the judges had to say about our Champion!
For dessert, our Champion has prepared a wonderful Crme Brle!
Chef, you know what to do!
CHEF: The Crme Brle was delicious. What a way to end off the competition!
Everything was made to perfection. You can really taste the love put in this dish!\c[6]\| 5/5!
REFEREE: Starting off strong here! A perfect score for our Champion! Joy? What do you think?
JOY: Absolutely scrumptuous. Crme Brle is one of my favorite desserts. I wonder if he knew about that...?\c[6]\| 5/5!
REFEREE: Amazing! A second perfect score! Maybe Gigiorno has this in the bag!
RORIMB: I loved it too, and I don't care for sweet things that much. So...\| 4/5.
REFEREE: Wowie! Gigiorno at it again with a 14/15! That's gonna be a hard score to beat!
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Spicy Curry?
CHEF: I love my some curry, but again... Time and place, my friend.
Unfortunately, I have to give you a...\| 0/5.
REFEREE: Rest in curry... Joy? Anything?
JOY: This was such a disappointment, I'm sorry.\| 0/5.
REFEREE: Oh no... That's so bad.
RORIMB: Spicy Curry for dessert? Darlings, you just threw it all away.\| 0/5.
REFEREE: Ouch... This is just embarrassing.
That brings \PN and Ana's score to...\| 0/15.\| Ouch.
GIGIORNO: Heh...
ANA: ...What were we thinking?
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Pecha Berry Sundae?
CHEF: The perfect dish for dessert! Perfectly sweet and creamy! Delicious! I liked it better than Gigiorno's dish!\|\c[6] 5/5!
REFEREE: A perfect score! Amazing!
JOY: Again, Chef and I usually have the same opinions. This time it's no different. Stunning.\c[6]\| 5/5!
REFEREE: Woo! Amazing! Another perfect score for \PN and Ana! Finally, Rorim?
RORIMB: You know, I don't care too much for sweet things, but this sundae was perfectly sweet. It wasn't overwhelming. \c[6]\| 5/5!
REFEREE: THIS BRINGS \PN AND ANA'S SCORE TO A PERFECT 15/15!
GIGIORNO: H-HAH???
ANA: We did it! We smashed this round!
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Cherri Berry Blast?
CHEF: Er... Not the greatest. Not the worst. Solid...\| 2/5.
REFEREE: Alright 2/5. What about you, Joy?
JOY: Again, I hate spicy food. This isn't even really dessert, but ech...\| 1/5.
REFEREE: Ouch... 1/5. Finally, Rorim?
RORIMB: Loved it. Loved it. Loved it. I love spicy things. I love myself. I am Spicy. \c[6]\| 5\5!
REFEREE: A perfect score, but can it save Ana and \PN from the mediocre scores?
That brings \PN and Ana's score to...\| 8/15.\| Not too shabby!
ANA: That could've gone better...
REFEREE: What do the judges say about \PN and Ana's dish, Mago Berry Smoothie?
CHEF: Was a treat. Was hoping for something a little more grand, but this hits the spot!\| 4/5!
REFEREE: Alright 4/5. What about you, Joy?
JOY: Honestly? Loved it. Not perfect, but like Chef said, I was hoping for something a little more fancy.\| 4/5.
REFEREE: Yeah, nice! 4/5! Rorim? What do you think?
RORIMB: It's a little too sweet for me, but I cannot deny it's quality. It's a 4/5 from me too!
REFEREE: A 4/5 across the board! That brings Ana and \PN's score to 12/15!
GIGIORNO: Hmph.
ANA: Not too bad...!
REFEREE: This is it, folks... The results are in.
Combining all three scores, Gigiorno ends with a whopping 38/45!
REFEREE: Combining all of the scores \PN and Ana... They've racked up a whopping...\| \v[627]!
REFEREE! \PN and Ana win!
ANA: W-We won?!
\PN, I can't believe it! We won the Cook Off!
GIGIORNO: This.... THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING. MY CAREER... MY WIN STREAK........
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!
REFEREE: I present you two with a trophy to commemorate your win!
ANA: \PN... We did it! We're the Champions!
REFEREE: Oh... Looks like... It's a tie! In that case, we'll ask the audience. Please wait a moment.
REFEREE: The audience has come to the consensus that...
REFEREE: Gigiorno wins!
GIGIORNO: Ah, but of course! That's how it should be!
ANA: No... we lost...
REFEREE: I now present to you, the trophy for winning the Cook Off!
GIGIORNO: Naturally I would win~! Thank you everyone!
MADELIS: Ah, nice to see you again, \PN!
When was the last time you saw me? Oh yeah, that was at Blacksteeple...
Because of you I'm in a lot more trouble than I should be.
Everything you've done has pushed me to make a very... Bold decision!
In fact, this act completely breaks all protocols and puts my position on the line.
I'll cut to the chase, brat. I need you to bring Melia to me instead of Geara.
If not, Amber will... Well, let's not talk about that.
And to show you how serious I am, I'll beat the idea into you!
W-We lost? Even with Madelis' directions?
Why I never! Don't you know when to lose?
MADELIS: Still annoyingly persistent I see. No matter, my stance doesn't change.
AMBER: B-Bitch... Do you think my mom will let you get away with this?!
MADELIS: Ah yes... Your mother is Tesla, isn't she? Teehee...
It's really unfortunate, but Tesla won't be interfering for now.
AMBER: Wh-What? Why?!
MADELIS: Because I'm so devious and conniving and brilliant!
Let's just say...
MADELIS: Tesla and your friends will be sleeping for just a little while!
MADELIS: Don't drink the soup or you'll be having a long nap.
AMBER: Y-You tinkered with the potluck dish?!
MADELIS: Perceptive! It's a shame \PN had to be a good person and check up on Amber instead of going to the Cook Off.
But that's enough talk for now. I've already made conditions clear.
Bring Melia to the Chamber of Awakening or Amber gets it.
It's that simple. Think it over and act.
And to make sure you don't try to interfere with our escape.
Do it.
GRUNT: Yes Ma'am!
HYPNO: Hyppno!
GRUNT: Hypno, Hypnosis!
MADELIS: Hah! Now you see the true prowess of yours truly!
Failure was inevitable, it really was.
The luxurious Teila Resort... I wonder if the trainers here are exquisite as well?
Oh yes, top notch indeed!
The trainers here are definitely top notch. Thank you for proving that.
Yes
No
Fried Octillery
Pecha Berry Salad
Cheri Berry Blast
Matcha Sundae
Spicy Taco Twist
Fried Krabby w/ Bacon
Iapapa Cheddar Parm
Spicy Curry
Pecha Berry Sundae
Cherri Berry Blast
Mago Smoothie
Bring it on!
More time, please...
Yes, please!
Not interested.
I'm ready!
I need more time.
I'm a world renowned chef!
Nope, Good Luck!
Yeah!
Uh...
Aqua Tail
Magic Coat
Electroweb
No thanks
Oceana Pier
Terajuma Shore
Secret Shore
More
Akuwa Town
None
Kristiline Town
Gearen City
Sashila Village
[Map328]
FARHA: Please, come this way.
VENAM: Did you know that everyone used to come to me for my perfect direction sense?
MELIA: ...Is that so?
VENAM: Totally. I'm practically a natural at knowing where things are.
MELIA: If that's the case, then where's the Isle of Angels?
MELIA: Psst, \PN. This'll be good.
VENAM: Well, clearly, based on the, uh... Proportions of the rocks... and the.. um...
And all of the palm trees...
Yeah it's south from here. Yep. I've made my deduction.
???: Actually, it's north.
VENAM: Oh, yeah. I meant south of, uh... The northern part of Aevium.
MELIA: ...I'm sure.
???: What are you all doing here? Haven't you heard about Angie?
VENAM: Heard about her? She invited us here!
???: She invited you here?!
You need to leave right away. This place isn't safe!
VENAM: We're not leaving until we get what we want.
Which include the Ocean Relic, Angie's Badge, and the TM for Magma Drift.
???: ...TM? If you're looking for a TM then I can help you.
My name is Farha. My grandparents own the TM shop in town.
Please, follow me.
VENAM: Sweet. We may as well get this one out of the way.
MELIA: Venam, stop! Angie said to meet with her immediately.
VENAM: Since when are we listening to her?
We're going to get this TM and kick her ass anyway.
MELIA: We're going to regret this one...
Locked.
MELIA: ...Why is it snowing on a tropical island?
The ocean itself is freezing over... This is not normal.
VENAM: Yeah I think we got that the moment she showed up on Tesla's table as a ghost.
MELIA: Well, we need to find the Isle of Angels.
It should be close by. Let's look for it.
VENAM: What was that all about? Why kick us out?
We were just about to get our hands on Magma Drift too!
MELIA: Farha said Angie "found us".
VENAM: We came for that TM and we're not leaving without it!
MELIA: Venam, wait!
VENAM: Auugahh!!!
VENAM: Holy crap, I almost died...
MELIA: This must've been what Farha was scared of...
Angie froze over the shop because we went there instead of the church.
VENAM: Oh... So she tried to save us. Whoops.
MELIA: That's it. I've decided... We can't let this go on any longer.
Angie has terrorized this place enough. We're driving her out of here.
VENAM: Heh, finally. Now I'm really feeling the fire.
MELIA: Farha said the Isle of Angels is up north. Let's go.
Follow the gang!
Go where?
Gearen City
Teila Resort
Terajuma Shore
Other
Secret Shore
Akuwa Town
None
[Map329]
Living in Kristiline is quite a joyous thing. Except for when hurricane season comes around.
The wind and rain get crazy here. It's like you're in the middle of a movie!
They say you can catch an extremely rare Pokemon at the Fishing Contest if you have a Super Rod.
Unfortunately, I don't think the Fishing Contest will ever re-open.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
AMBER: I haven't had any luck finding Melia.
But if I end up finding somethin' about her I'll give you and Venam a ring, okay?
Oh, and next time we hang out... We won't be interrupted. Trust me on that.
"Sapphire Museum."
ANA: I've looked absolutely everywhere, but I can't find Dylan...
He said he was gonna check around the town, but I wouldn't be surprised if he went off and did something else.
ANA: Wait a minute, didn't that restaurant clerk say something about Dylan having a favorite spot?
Somewhere in a place called Aquamarine Cave...
Do you happen to know where that is?
ANA: Oh, I see! It's on Route 6, which is east of Kristiline Town.
Looks like we'll have to cross waters from Kristiline to Teila Resort, and then from Teila Resort to Route 6.
That should be easy enough!
ANA: Okay! I know where to go now! I'm going to go and get a head start!
"Kristiline Fishing Contest!"
DRJENKEL: Ah, there you are \PN!
I had a feeling you'd be the one to accept my request!
We are bound by blood! We are family!
Good, now I want to explain what I need help with.
I've been getting readings of weird wavelengths here on Terajuma.
Currently there are 7 readings I'm receiving at the moment.
There are two in Kristiline, two in Teila Resort, one in Terajuma Jungle, and two in Kakori.
I'm getting exceptionally weird readings from the two in Kakori, so I think we should leave that one last!
Godspeed! Get to it!
There are 2 in Kristiline, two in Teila Resort, one in Terajuma Jungle, and two in Kakori.
MAGGY: Magy!
Locked.
Have you visited the restaurant here in town?
They make the best batch of Lava Cookies anyone could ever ask for!
Are you the one who accepted my request?
Superb timing.
Lately the lighthouses around the island have been nonfunctional.
Would you do me a favor and investigate each of the lighthouses?
You'll need this key to open the doors to the lighthouses.
You can find lighthouses in Aquamarine Cave, Terajuma Shore, and Route 5.
Good luck!
Ah...
Kristiline used to be led by a woman named Anju, but a lot of people called her Angie.
Though, that Angie would be as old as me if she were still alive.
That means whoever this "Angie" was at the church was an imposter!
Have you taken part in our Fishing Contest? I hear there are different types of tournaments there.
I've never seen the other ones, so I wonder what's so different about them?
ANA: That sure was a long trip... Where are we?
DYLAN: Kristiline Town.
An isolated island off the coast of Terajuma's mainland.
This is where I was born.
ANA: You're not from Grand Dream City?
DYLAN: Of course I'm not from that hoity-toity city.
The only reason why I've stayed there for so long is because of...
Well, that doesn't matter anymore.
Come on in, I'll show you around.
I don't think this town is the same after Angie. We're all still pretty shakin' up from everything.
I feel like it's going to take some time, but we'll get there.
We usually don't mess with the Isle of Angels because we have everything we need here!
The church there was where Angie lived. It was really scary...
I only stopped in this town so I could take a break, but then I got caught up in this Angie business...
I don't mean to judge a region by just one area, but this place is insane and I'm leaving!
Go where?
LEAFEON: Leafa!
GLACEON: Glaceaaa!!
Um, excuse me... Would you happen to have an Alolan Sandshrew?
If you have one, would you mind trading with me?
I'll give you an Alolan Vulpix for your troubles.
Ah... Well, if you ever change your mind... I'll be here!
Thank you! Let's get started!
\PN traded Alolan Sandshrew for Alolan Vulpix!
Thanks for trading with me! Please take care of Shiron!
The people of Kristiline prefer a more quiet life.
Though even the quiet ones desire some sort of interaction.
That's why we host the Fishing Contest!
\PN applied the Magma Stone!
The house is completely encased in Nevermeltice.
Did you visit that really strange altar north of Kristiline Town?
People say that they feel a weird presence whenever going around that area.
As if a force is watching over them. It's kind of scary, right?
This town will be much livelier now that Angie is gone.
We hope you enjoy what our small little town has to offer.
Yes
No
Gearen City
Teila Resort
Terajuma Shore
More
Secret Shore
Akuwa Town
None
Sashila Village
[Map330]
The festival is going to start soon! I can't wait!
Gotta get back to work soon...
DRIVER: Would you like me to drive you to Hiyoshi Pass?
DRIVER: Let's hit the road!
Come see me whenever you need a lift!
DRIVER: Sorry, this service is temporarily out of order until the presentation at the central square is done.
REN: Oh come on... This is just my luck.
DRIVER: You should check it out, though! I hear Mayor Rafael is revealing huge news!
REN: I guess I could go check it out.
REN: Yes please!
DRIVER: Oh, Gregorian Lake? Sure! I can do that!
"Hiyoshi Hospital".
MAYOR: We're about ready to get this presentation started!
We're closing off this part of town so that we can get ready for the festival!
Sigh... Business isn't how it used to be. Where's all the people?
What is going on with these earthquakes? I'm starting to become very scared.
Zz..z.z.z.z..z.z
HAZUKI: I'm waiting for someone to show up. Maybe he will soon...
???: Hazuki, my darling, I'm finally ready!
HAZUKI: Th-Thomas!!
HAZUKI: I thought you were going to abandon me.
But I'm glad I was wrong.
THOMAS: Why would I abandon you? A Blakeory never falls back on their word.
HAZUKI: I know, it's just I'm so caught up in protecting others that I forget that... I don't know, I'm an idiot.
THOMAS: No you're not. You're my sparkling water, sunshine.
You're always off doing your duties protecting people, but who will protect you?
That person's going to be me, understand? I'll be there for you, my flower.
HAZUKI: Y-You'll protect me? No one's ever said that to me before.
Thank you for your words, Thomas. They brighten my day.
But I have to go now... I have duties I must attend to.
THOMAS: Leaving already? Aww... That's a shame.
I get it though. You're a hardworking woman. Lemme at least give you a little kiss before you go.
HAZUKI: I-I love you! Goodbye, Thomas!
THOMAS: Goodbye, sunshine.
THOMAS: She's gone, you can come out of hiding now.
GARDEVOIR: Did you put the tracker on her like I instructed?
THOMAS: Yeah, yeah. Like I said before, a Blakeory never falls back on his word.
It was easy. Girls like her are too easy. You just tell them what they want to hear and they're yours.
But what about you? Did you do your part?
INDRIAD: Of course. Your father, Mr. Blakeory, is no more.
The Blakeory fortune and company is now in your hands, Thomas.
THOMAS: Nicely done.
INDRIAD: Just to make sure we're clear. If I see you again, I will kill you.
THOMAS: You told me that last time, I got it.
INDRIAD: Good.
GARDEVOIR: Let's go, M-
GARDEVOIR: Yes... Well, we won't be seeing each other again, Mr. Blakeory.
THOMAS: I feel bad for deceiving such a pretty face, but hey.
I may end up marryin' her and merging her fortune with mine.
Only one thing left to do.
REN: What are they doing...?
REN: Heh... Gotcha!
REN: SHIT.
REN: C'mon, c'mon! How do you turn this stupid thing off?!
REN:\ts[1] Eheheheheh... Hey there!
MAIDS: ...
REN: Ughhh, fine. I get it. Let's just get this over with.
...!
...
REN: And that settles that.
HAZUKI: Hyaah!
ANJU: Watch out!
REN: What are you guys doing?! You can't just attack people!
HAZUKI: Ren, they're not real people. They're Servants.
REN: Th-That's not very nice!
HAZUKI: H-Huh? N-No, I didn't mean it like that. I was referring to the familiar.
ANJU: They've been manifested through Garufa magic.
REN: Oh... So they just fizzle away into nothing when destroyed?
HAZUKI: New ones do, sure, but maids have been around for long periods of time, they can bleed like real humans.
But the fact is that they're not human.
NYMIERA: We have little time. Kanon must be saved and we have to find Vitus.
ANJU: Let us proceed.
REN: I'm sorry, but I still don't know who Vitus is.
NYMIERA: ...
Vitus is someone who has to be stopped no matter what.
If he isn't, everything you know and love will be destroyed.
ANJU: I believe him to be the physical manifestation of evil itself.
REN: That's... Uh, I see...
HAZUKI: I shall lead the way.
REN: What the hell have I gotten myself into?
REN: Hey, Nastasia? Can you hear me?
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: ...
\f[NP_2]REN: If this is about the call before, I'm sorry. I was trying to stay discreet and the ringtone revealed my position.
\f[NP_2]And to be honest, after you hung up on me before, I don't think you're much to talk.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Fine, I suppose that's an adequate reason.
\f[NP_1]Sorry for hanging up on you before. I got a bit... unstable.
\f[NP_1]REN: It's whatever. That's not really important right now.
I'm about to do something reallllyyy dumb. I can feel it.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Yes, yes, you said something about that before.
\f[NP_1]Listen, Ren... I know being stupid is in your nature, and I respect it.
\f[NP_1]REN: ...
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: But,\| just,\| don't die on me.
\f[NP_1]REN: Aww, are you worried about me?
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: Never mind. Die for all I care.
REN: Jeez... I was only kidding.
Whatever, if she wants to be miserable, she can be. I gotta go get Huey and Reina.
Hmm... What should I buy? What shoulddd I buyyyy?
NYMIERA: Everyone!
ANJU: Nymiera...
NYMIERA: This is it. We're going to look for Vitus' lair.
It's hidden somewhere in this city. We just have to find it.
And when we do, we shall rescue Kanon and end Vitus once and for all.
Everything he's done to this world is inexcusable.
What he did to push Vivian was...
We will avenge her, and everyone who lost their lives to his evil.
People and Pokemon alike!
REN: (Vitus? Who in the world is Vitus?)
NYMIERA: Ren, I must ask for your help as well.
Gather your friends aid us in our search.
REN: U-Uh, understood!
NYMIERA: Anju, you'll check the south western section of the city.
Hazuki, I want you to search this area.
It's possible the enemy lurked beneath our shadows without our knowledge.
HAZUKI: Understood, Lady Nymiera.
NYMIERA:\c[6] This shall be our final mission. Move out!
REN: Right, I should go check on \v[12] before I start on anything else.
"Mayor Rafael's Office"
???: Please stick around for my husband's presentation. You won't be let down.
The trip from Kugearen to Hiyoshi is a lengthy one.
Maybe we should get some sort of shuttle going...
Yay! I hate presentations!
ANJU: This place has wonderful merchandise. I'm having them custom make an amulet for me!
REN: I have to go get Huey and Reina first...
HUEY: Huh? Where are you going? You can't just ignore us, Ren!
Thinking about purchasing a ticket for Sinnoh.
Things are getting a little bit hectic. Too hectic for me.
Locked.
???: My Dad's been working on something cool!
REN: Sigh... Alright.
REN: And 1,\| 2, \| 3...
HUEY: Reina, are we seriously doing this again?
REINA: I'm not following my brother, if that's what you were thinking.
I heard you can take the shuttle to a lake north of here. If you ask them to, that is.
I was thinking we could check it out or something?
HUEY: Oh, okay! As long as we're not stalking again.
REINA: Relax, I'm over it. Just wanna get my mind off things now.
REN: Huh, wow... She really wasn't following me.
Guess she's finally starting to grow up.
REN: What the hell? Oh... Nastasia's calling me...
...Wait how is this call reaching me? That's weird, but alright.
REN: Yes, yes, what is it?
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: REN!
\f[NP_2]I've been trying to contact you for ages. Why haven't you picked up?
\f[NP_2]REN: That's because I haven't actually gotten a call from you recently.
\f[NP_2]In fact, I'm not even sure why this one went through considering where I am.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: I configured that device to have reception literally wherever you went.
\f[NP_2]So there's no way my calls wouldn't make it.
\f[NP_2]REN: What if I said I wasn't even in the same time period as you?
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA:\ts[1] .......
\f[NP_1]Ren, where are you right now?
\f[NP_1]REN: Somehow got myself stuck in the past with my sister, a guy named Huey and \v[12].
\f[NP_1]Who by the way, just happens to be unconscious right now.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: That's awkward. Do you not have a way back?
\f[NP_1]REN: I don't, and truthfully, I thought you'd be a little bit more blown away by all this.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: ...\| Did you say something? Sorry, I was thinking.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Since you're there, we might as well get some work done. Describe the area to me.
\f[NP_1]REN: Work...? Sigh... Anyway, I'm in a place called Hiyoshi City.
\f[NP_1]Does that name ring any bells to you or something?
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: ...!
\f[NP_1]\ts[1]I-Interesting... I see...
\f[NP_1]Yes, I believe I know exactly where you are now.
\f[NP_1]It's a large city held at the coast line, right?
\f[NP_1]REN: Huh? Y-Yeah, how'd you know that?
\f[NP_1]The internet. Anyway, I know just the place I want you to visit.
\f[NP_1]North of Hiyoshi City is the Rejuvenation Corp building, right?
\f[NP_1]REN: ...Are you asking me or telling me?? I honestly can't tell.
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: I'm asking you of course! It's up there, right?
\f[NP_2]REN: I dunno! I haven't really looked up north much.
\f[NP_2]But if it means so much to you then I'll take a look.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: See? Was that so difficult?
\f[NP_1]REN: But I have a favor to ask you as well.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Huh? What is it? Make it quick, I gotta get back to Geara.
\f[NP_1]REN: Can you override \v[12]'s storage box and link it with mine?
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: Ren, why the hell would I do something like that?
\f[NP_2]Do you know the repercussions that would entail?
\f[NP_1]REN: I dunno, I saw some cool Pokemon and thought \v[12] would like some of them.
\f[NP_1]And I have no use for anything around here. I just thought it would be a nice gift for when they woke up.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Sigh...\| It would be easier to just redirect your captures to \v[12]'s storage line, rather than linking it.
\f[NP_1]But what do I get out of this?
\f[NP_1]REN: How about my undying appreciation and gratitude?
\f[NP_2]REN: Alright fine, you can have my salted caramel cupcake with extra sprinkles.
\f[NP_2]REN: It's on the top row of the fridge, behind the eggs.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: This is acceptable. I'll get right on it.
\f[NP_1]REN: Thanks 'Stasiaaaaa.
REN: Alright, time to head to the Rejuvenation Corp building on Hiyoshi Pass.
Have you visited that corporation building north of Hiyoshi City?
It's a really impressive looking building!
I'm so excited for the reveal!
HAZUKI: Please, follow me through this building.
Nymiera's apartment is just through here.
ANJU: Welcome to Hiyoshi City, everyone. Capital of the Aevium Region.
HUEY: Huh, so this is Hiyoshi City, huh? It's quite nice!
???: Ah, Hazuki and Anju. Welcome back to Hiyoshi City.
???: I am at your service.
REINA: Hey, isn't that the guy we followed into the desert with \PN?
HUEY: Hey, Kanon! Buddy! What are you doing here?
Did that flash bring you to the past as well?
KANON: I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you've mistaken me for someone else.
I'm certain we have not met before, as I never forget a face.
HUEY: Huh? What are you talkin' about, dude? It's me, Huey!
REN: I don't think he remembers you, Huey.
ANJU: I don't know who you've met in your time, Huey, but Kanon here is Nymiera's assistant.
HUEY: But... The Kanon in our time looks just like him... Sounds like him too!
What's going on here?
KANON: I see... You say you've met me in the future?
I suppose that's not entirely out of the question, due to certain circumstances...
Be it as it may, this is not the place to discuss such things.
Hazuki, if you will, escort these guests to Nymiera's quarters at once.
HAZUKI: As you wish, Kanon, sir.
KANON: My thanks.
HUEY: So... That wasn't the Kanon I knew? He looked so much like him, though.
ANJU: I wouldn't worry too much about it, Huey.
I'm sure Nymiera will have an adequate answer for you when we meet her.
Hazuki, please lead the way.
HAZUKI: At once, Lady Anju.
GLORIA: Hippooopootototototoapotoo.
ANASTASIA: Where did that Gardevoir go? I need to find her!
(REN: Maybe I shouldn't tell Anastasia about the underground area we found.
I know she wants to help her friend, but this can get really dangerous...)
ANASTASIA: Is there something wrong, Mr. Ren?
REN: No, don't worry. We'll find that Gardevoir eventually.
We got some really weird snow here the other day.
It's fairly warm here this time of year, so snow seems really... uh... Yeah.
REN: Looks like the presentation is about to start.
I've got nothing else to do. Maybe I should listen in...
MAYOR: Hello citizens of Hiyoshi City! I would like to welcome you all!
I am very excited to unveil a project me and my team have been working on for many years.
Just five years ago, Hiyoshi City was constructed after our beloved home region was destroyed.
Even in the face of adversity, we move on!
MAYOR: Before we continue, our town mascot, Gloria the Hippopotas, would like a few words.
GLORIA: ...
GLORIA: Hiptoobbabbababoptottooaaaa...
AUDIENCE: I LOVE YOU, GLORIA.
MAYOR: Okay! Hiyoshi is proud to present... Its new project in the works!
MAYOR: Project Grand Dream City!
REN: No way...
MAYOR: From the beginning we knew that we wanted to create a safe haven for all inhabitants.
That being people AND Pokemon.
And that city will be a new form of Hiyoshi! Construction begins after the festival!
Of course, we've planned things so that our construction won't be a bother to anyone living here.
So, that being the case-
???:\ts[1] Is that really all you got?
MAYOR: Oh, it's just Thomas Blakeory. What do you want now?
THOMAS: This is what you've been working on for so long, Mayor Rafael?\| Really?
After everything that's been going on here?
MAYOR: What are you talking about? Please get off my stage.
THOMAS: Everyone, this man is nothing more than a greedy man who wants nothing but to drain your bank accounts!
The past few weeks have been catastrophic! Earthquakes, weather abnormalities, HEAT WAVES!
Is this not a sign for the imminent end of this region?
Why is this man not working towards a solution to this issue?
AUDIENCE: I dunno... He has a point...
AUDIENCE: Things have been getting really weird lately.
MAYOR: Everyone, please calm down. We've already settled this weeks ago.
In the time of a catastrophic event, evacuation ships have been docked at-
THOMAS: You hear that? In the event that this happens!
That means he won't even do anything UNTIL it happens!
MAYOR: That's not what I said-
THOMAS: Are we just going to let this man trample over us??
I guarantee you that the first person who would be off this stupid island would be the Mayor and his disgraceful family!
BELLA: Do not talk about my family like that you scoundrel!
???: Mommy, I'm scared...
BELLA: It's okay,\c[6] Sandra.
We just have a rowdy citizen who wants to make the show about him.
THOMAS: You know what I think? I think we should throw this man in prison.
Until he shows his citizens respect, I demand that he be held in contempt!
AUDIENCE: Yeah! Throw him in prison!
MAYOR: Ladies and gentlemen, please! Do not be manipulated by this man!
Your safety is above all else!
Nothing is going to happen, please just-
MAYOR: What... is this? Snow?
THOMAS: Do you see this? Snow is falling in one of the hottest times of the year!
This is unprecedented! We need to throw this man in jail for keeping us here for so long!
AUDIENCE: Get him!
REN: I've never seen a speech go so downhill.
That was actually depressing to watch... What the hell just happened?
THOMAS: Heh, like taking candy from a baby...
Looks like mother nature's on my side...! What a peach.
THOMAS: What? You're still here? Go on home, kid. This presentation's over.
REN: Don't think I can't see through your bullshit.
You're a con artist. That much is so obvious.
THOMAS: Smart kid. Too bad for the Mayor that everyone else in this city is a half-wit.
Who knows? Maybe I'll be their Mayor one day... Until then, stay cool.
REN: Whatever, dude. Whatever.
Now that that's over, I can probably take the shuttle to Hiyoshi Pass.
REN: I'll come back later.
What are they planning to show?
"Hiyoshi City."
Came here from the Reborn Region and was pleased to find out that this place is very similar!
Crystal clear water, dense forests! It's incredible!
REN: There they are...
REN: Where are they going? It looks like they took a turn onto the shopping district.
HUEY: Um, this is so scary looking...
I heard there's going to be an announcement later at the City's central square.
Mayor Rafael has something he's been working on for about 10 years!
Poor Mayor... The people are going nuts because of this crazy weather.
What's the Mayor supposed to do about any of that? Call God and tell them to knock it off?
THOMAS: You got something to say? Keep walkin'.
REN: ...
I'm hungry. What should I make for dinner today?
HUEY: I'm on the lookout! I'll find this creep before the day's over, bet on it!
HUEY: If you find him, punch him in the gut!
I was supposed to go on a tour of the Rejuvenation Corp Building with my boyfriend, but he's late...
If he doesn't show up soon, I'm just going to give away my ticket!
I'VE HAD IT!! I'M DONE WAITING FOR MY BOYFRIEND WHO REFUSES TO SHOW HIMSELF!
REN: Wh-Whoa there, are you sure he's not just running late?
WOMAN: He's working on the festival downtown, which stopped progress for today!
That means he was supposed to be here HOURS AGO!
So you know what? Here, you can have my ticket to the tour at the Rejuvenation Corp Building.
Because heaven knows I won't be going there by myself.
Here!
REN: Thanks a lot, this'll be useful for-
REN: H-Hey!
REN: Get back here you little brat! Give me back my ticket!
ANASTASIA: If you want it, you'll have to come get it!
REN: Arghhh, are you serious?! She's heading towards Route 5...
Her parents need to have a stern talk with her! Stealing is wrong!
WOMAN: That's unfortunate, but there's nothing I can do.
We're preparing something for everyone. You should come back later!
REINA: Ren, what are we doing here?
REN: Right, I guess I never really explained what we're doing here.
REN: While I was journeying around, I saw Kanon get captured by this Pokemon.
I told Nymiera and the others, and they said that a person named Vitus is behind all of this.
HUEY: No Kanon, no possible way back...
REN: Exactly. I'm not trying to stay here forever.
REINA: So we gotta go down there? Really?
REN: You don't have to go if you don't want to!
I'm just giving you the option to do so, instead of tailing me and getting us in a bad situation down the line.
REINA: Oh brother, you know me so well.\| OK! Let'sa go!
REINA: This guy doesn't want to show his face anymore, huh? Coward.
REINA: I wonder what Hiyoshi Pass looks like?
Hm... Yes, quite...
HUEY: Um, that went as well as I expected.
But uh, what are we gonna do now?
REN: We're pretty screwed. All we have left is what Nymiera told us to do.
Speaking of which, \PN. I'd like to speak to you a bit later.
REINA: ...
Ren, I'm sorry if this is out of nowhere.
But why did you go after Gardevoir? After everything she did to us...
REN: Don't get me wrong... I don't forgive her.
And wherever she is... She's going to have to atone for her sins for a long time.
But in that last moment... When her Master appeared and abandoned her...
Gardevoir's face was filled with betrayal. I've... seen it once before.
For that one moment, I felt her pain, and I just...
It didn't work out, and I don't think it could've.
REINA: I see... I guess I can understand.\| From that angle.
But then this leads me into another question. What's up with you, Ren?!
Your body... isn't organic. It's mechanical. Why...? How is that possible?
REN: H-Hey, if you're worried about me, don't be.
My real body is sleeping all snug back at the HQ.
I'm just using this body for now so that I can do more dangerous missions without dying instantly.
REINA: Oh yeah! I also get my spare bodies at the 99c store!
Ren, what the hell?! This isn't a normal issue! Stop talking as if it is!
REN: It's nothing to get so worked up about that's all I'm saying.
I'm fine... As long as I'm in this body, I can do risky stuff without much consequence.
HUEY: ...Changing the topic before Reina rips you to shreds...
What happened to Anathea? You know? That ghost that was with us?
REN: Oh yeah, her. What was up with that?
She startled me for a moment back when we were fighting Gardevoir.
REINA: She claimed to be the mother of some girl called Maria.
She was real adamant that her daughter was somewhere within that ruin.
But if you ask me, I think she was slightly coo-coo.
REN: ...Maybe not. I met a girl in this city who happened to be looking for a girl named Maria too.
HUEY: She's been following \PN or something.
This is usually the part where she shows up and is like "Hey guys what's up?"
REN: It doesn't look she's around anymore. Not that it really matters.
Let's make our way to Nymiera's house.
Don't stare! Buy my wares!
I hope they have some sort of disaster plan.
REN: This is going nowhere... Why won't this guy show himself?
REN: Hopefully we'll catch this guy soon. Good luck, \PN.
You look familiar... Have I seen you once before?
Ah well, it doesn't matter. Please come back anytime!
Come one! Come all! Buy some jewelry!
Hurry up! I wanna catch more Pokemon!
KANON: Hm... All of a sudden it seems like he's no longer interested.
REN: That's a little annoying... I was so looking forward to kicking his ass.
REINA: Is there anywhere else we could look?
He's somewhere in this time, right? That means he has to be somewhere!
KANON: The main part of the city is blocked off due to festival preparations.
But there is a shuttle that takes you to the most northern part of the area.
Yes, that would be Hiyoshi Pass.
One of us could perhaps check out that area.
HUEY: Maybe \PN? If anyone finds that guy, I bet the one who could stand up to him would be them!
REN: Huh? \PN? Sure, that sounds like a good idea.
You've built yourself a really impressive reputation.
KANON: Then it's settled. \PN will visit Hiyoshi Pass.
REINA: Good luck, \PN! Remember to scream really loud if you find our guy!
KANON: Good luck, \PN. I await your return.
Yes
No
Gregorian Lake?
[Map331]
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Kakori Village Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
Please... leave me to do my work.
I really miss that Braixen... She gave me company when no one else would.
If only I had something to remember her by...
Oh... so you're the one who found my Roggenrola, eh?
More like, we've found you!
GRUNT: We told you what you were getting into!
Now you're in for a world of hurt!
???: How dare you! How dare you help worthless people out!
We are Team AA! Double A! Team Anti-Assist!
We won't forgive you for this!
Get 'em!
Why...?
*Loud screeching*
GRUNT: We won't forget this, \PN! Stop answering help requests!
Team AA! Double A! Anti-Assist! We won't allow it, can't allow it!
Retreat!
"Find it" Help request..... completed...?
According to many geographical studies, we can confirm that Terajuma Island is a piece of Gearen that chipped itself off.
Or maybe it's Gearen that chipped itself off of Terajuma? Hm...
WOMAN: Do you know about the Pokemon "Chansey"?
I hear that it's an extremely rare encounter in the Safari Zone.
Say, if you happen to come across a Chansey and successfully capture it...
You should come back here and show it to me! I'll give you something nice for it in return!
WOMAN: Th-That's... Chansey! That's the rare Pokemon that lives within the Safari Zone!
It's so magnificent and round... So precious!
Thank you for showing me this grand Pokemon!
Please take this as thanks!
WOMAN: Hello again! Up for a chat?
WOMAN: The Oval Charm has a funny way of making eggs at the Day Care Center appear more often!
BRAIXEN: Sooooo, watcha doin?
GIRL: Studying.
BRAIXEN: Studying what?
GIRL: Pokemon.
BRAIXEN: What kind of Pokemon?
GIRL: Would you please let me do my work?
H-How are you even talking? Aren't you a Pokemon?
BRAIXEN: Yep! I am indeed a Pokemon, but with my friend's help I can now communicate with humans.
GIRL: I-I see...
I haven't heard from my sister in Kristiline Town for over a month now. It's really starting to worry me.
The last thing she told me was about this woman appearing and then I haven't heard from her again.
Maybe I should take a small trip to Kristiline to check up on her?
Something that people don't really know is that Crawli is legally blind.
He can still see vaguely, but it's mostly a blur.
He uses his Galvantula's Compound Eyes ability to assist him.
GIRL: I was so lonely after that Braixen visited me.
In truth, she was my first visitor in quite some time. I was annoyed at the time, but I liked her company.
She hasn't visited me again, so I decided to go out and capture my own Pokemon!
To my surprise, I found these two Fennekin running around in the jungle. It was fate!!
Ah, but I still miss that Braixen from before. I wish I had something to remember her.
W-Wait, that wand... That's the same one that Braixen had a long time ago!
Please, let me keep that! In exchange, I'll let you have one of my Fennekin!
Yes! Thank you!
Here you go, one Fennekin to go!
Aww...
GIRL: Thank you! Have fun with Fennekin!
There's a really weird Shack on Route 5. By chance, have you seen it?
It's been locked for a long time now. I wonder what's inside?
We normally have our gates open to the public, but after Angie appeared we had to tighten our security!
That's why Crawli insisted we have the gate built.
FENNEKIN: Fenne?
...
How... unsettling. The subject has seemed to have talked to all our other operatives...
LADY: Hello! I may not look like it, but I'm a pelagic enthusiast!
I love everything and anything when it comes to the sea!
I've seen and studied many thing when it comes to the ocean.
But what I have yet to see is an actual bona fide battleship!
What I would do to explore one... I would just... I WOULD JUST...
<<[>>Recommend the Xen Battleship to this woman?<<]>>
LADY: SHUT UP! YOU DON'T? YOU DIDN'T?!
You actually have a battleship that I can VISIT? And STEP ON?
Oh...\| Oh m y G O D. YES!
It's docked on the pier? Oh my gosh, I'm going to book it there! Please come too!
LADY: Sigh, but that's a dream that will never come true. Never ever.
CLERK: Welcome to the Safari Zone! For just $3,500, you can play the Safari Game!
You can roam through Jeminra Woods and catch what you like.
Would you like to play?
\GSorry, your PC boxes are full.
\GOops!\nNot enough money!
\GCome again.
\GThat'll be $3,500, please!
\GWe only use a special kind of Pok Ball here.
\G\PN received 30 Safari Balls from the attendant. \se[itemlevel]\wtnp[20]
\GWe'll call you on the PA when you run out of time or Safari Balls.
\GWell, I'll wish you the best of luck!
\GOkay.\nPlease come again!
Are you going to leave the Safari Zone early?
Please return any Safari Balls you may have left.
Good luck!
Did you catch your fair share? Come again!
There used to be four lighthouses at every corner of Terajuma.
But about a month ago they all stopped working, and Angie destroyed the Kristiline one.
Repair men have tried to visit the lighthouses to restore their functionality, but the doors were locked shut.
Strange things are happening on Terajuma Island.
You... aren't on to us, right?
VALARIE: I was hoping I would be greeted with a nice Pokemon Center with air conditioning.
There's no air conditions anywhere in the village...
I know I complain about this a lot, but humidity actually destroys me.
It's the one thing about water I can't stand...
Historians say that in ancient times, people worshipped Valor Mountain.
They would give it offerings in hopes that it wouldn't erupt.
LADY: Oh, you're that kind individual who showed me around the battleship!
That was such a good experience for someone like me.
Why don't you take this as thanks?
LADY: Thanks again!
Yes
No
[Map332]
MELIA: Alex and Sam! I was wondering where you two ended up...
ALEX: The same could be said in reverse!
SAM: Yeah, we were worried when you guys didn't come through the transporter.
VALARIE: The teleport pads went offline the moment you two went through them.
It's like you two used up the rest of the pad's energy or something.
SAM: Yeah, sorry about that... Things like that happen sometimes.
CRAWLI: Alright you two. Time to get on with your mission.
We need those transporters up as soon as possible.
ALEX & SAM: Roger that!
Please excuse us!
CRAWLI: Alright, let's get to it! What can I do for you lovely people today?
MELIA: There's a lot to unpack here... Basically-
ADAM: Our friend Saki was catapulted into the jungle and we're looking for her.
Also Team Xen's on the island and they have our friend, Nim.
They took her to Valor Mountain and we need help getting there.
Plain and simple.
MELIA: ...Well, yeah that's basically it.
BRAIXEN: That was rude, Adam! Never interrupt a lady!
ADAM: ...
CRAWLI: Short, quick, and to the point. I like that!
But I understand... I'll have Alex and Sam look for Saki once they're free.
As for Team Xen... That's a slightly bigger issue.
Team Xen has left Terajuma Island alone up till now.
It's a bit of a mystery to me why they would want to poke their heads out now.
That being said, if entrance to Valor Mountain is all you need, then that's no problem.
Right now I have a Ranger deployed on Route 5 to block access, but I'll give them a call.
MELIA: I was actually hoping you'd come with us?
The more power we have, the higher chance of success we have.
CRAWLI: Unfortunately, I have my hands tied with another issue.
I don't suppose you all heard of Angie?
AELITA: Oh yeah! That's that tyrant Alex was going off about before.
She told us all about her and how she sent the Carnivine to the jungle to cause trouble.
A-Allegedly, of course! I don't wanna get sued here.
CRAWLI: Angie's been giving me a lot of headaches lately.
I've sent a handful of Rangers her way to discuss terms, but none of them have come back.
So before I deal with this Team Xen business, I have to make sure the people of Kakori are safe.
I also have to make sure my Rangers are okay and well, so.
MELIA: No, it's okay... I understand. We'll deal with it ourselves.
???: Aaaiy! Crawli! I have returned to the island of sweat, blood, and beauty!
CRAWLI: D-Dad? What are you doing back so early from your tour?
RORIM B: Floria Island is great, but I was becoming a bit homesick.
So, I decided to come home! At least for a little while.
CRAWLI: Ah, I see... Sorry, but I have guests here right now.
RORIM B: Oh honey... Forgive the interruption!
RORIM B: Aiiiyaa! Is that \PN?! What are the chances I'd meet you here, darling?
CRAWLI: You know about \PN?
RORIM B: We've talked once or twice. We are bonded by spirit!
My name is Rorim. Welcome to Kakori Village everybody!
BRAIXEN: Wh-What's going on? What's with the tremors?!
RORIM B: Don't worry, darlings. That's just Valor Mountain.
The proclaimed God of Terajuma Island!
When someone enters Valor Mountain and interacts with the crystals there...
The "mood" of the mountain changes completely.
That would be the cause of these nasty tremors.
CRAWLI: Which means you all were right on the money about Team Xen.
They're making their way through the mountain as we speak.
...Or perhaps they've already conquered it and are changing it to meet their needs.
MELIA: Either way, we need to make our way over there right away.
Let's move, guys!
VALARIE: And that's what happened. We don't know what to do from here.
CRAWLI: Hm...
MELIA: If you have any guidance at all, it would be very much appreciated.
CRAWLI: Zetta is right about those "keys", although we call them The Relics.
AELITA: "The Relics"?
CRAWLI: Long ago, before Terajuma, The land around Valor Mountain was treacherous.
When living in the open became too dangerous, the people of Valor would retreat within the mountain for shelter.
Because of this, these people revered the mountain as a God.
Day and night they would pray to their God for protection, and one day the mountain answered.
The Relics, said to be formed from the bodies of beasts of the sky, ocean, and earth fell upon the people of Valor.
Should they ever need to seek shelter, they would present these sigils to the sacred altar in Valor Mountain.
Only then will they be safe from the dangers of the outside world.
CRAWLI: While we don't necessarily revere Valor Mountain as a God anymore...
We do like to keep the legend alive through tradition.
Trainers go through a "coming of age" trial on Terajuma when they begin their Pokemon journey.
Trainers would travel through Terajuma, gather the Relics, and present it to Valor Mountain.
VALARIE: So we're basically going through this trial ourselves then?
CRAWLI: I suppose.
MELIA: That aside, Zetta mentioned that we would need a way to travel over magma safely.
Is there any way we can accomplish this as a group?
CRAWLI: There was a TM called Magma Drift that we used to use, but...
Due to the nature of the mountain, this became obsolete.
Unfortunately, this TM is no longer in production.
MELIA: ...
CRAWLI: There may be one way to get it, though.
There is a retro TM shop in Kristiline Town, but again, Angie...
AELITA: It's sounding like we don't have a choice, though...
MELIA: Alright then, it's settled. We'll travel through Terajuma in search of the Relics and that TM shop.
VALARIE: One issue, though... We need to think about the people on the shore.
They may get attacked again, and if we don't get there in time...
ADAM: I'll stay behind.
VALARIE: Adam, are you sure about this?
ADAM: I'm the strongest one here without a doubt.
If I'm there, at full force, I could probably hold out on my own.
AELITA: "Probably" isn't that great...
BRAIXEN: I suppose I'll stay behind too. I'm far too weak to keep on like this.
While I may not be able to take on an entire Dexoy army, I'll be able to clean up what Adam can't.
MELIA: ...Sounds like a plan to me.
VALARIE: No objections here.
CRAWLI: One last thing, guys.
If somehow things don't work out, I may have an alternative option.
\c[6]Deep below this HQ is a passageway that leads into the mountain.
Going in through this way does not require you to pass magma to enter, but...
This door has been shut since we've found it down there.
And even if we open it, you'll still have to deal with magma inside the mountain.
AELITA: Wait, "found" it? You mean you guys didn't install it?
CRAWLI: We did not. It's quite bizarre.
You all should worry about this in the morning, though. It's been a long day.
I'll have my rangers work at opening the door, while also locating where these Relics have scattered to.
Feel free to stay here the night once again.
MELIA: Yeah, thanks Crawli. We'll take you up on your offer.
Let's get some sleep, guys.
CRAWLI: Ah, \PN! I've been looking for you.
I promised you a reward for helping me defeat that Rift, remember?
You probably won't be able to use this just yet, but I think you'll appreciate it regardless.
CRAWLI: This is called a Z-Crystal. These are required to perform Z-Moves.
Obviously, if you don't have a Z-Ring, you won't be able to use this.
They're extremely rare, but I'm sure there are some in Aevium.
I've got to go for now though. You're welcome to visit anytime!
Crawli and his father were the first people who lived in this village.
They lived here until people came their way and settled with them.
You're going to help me get stronger, right?
What?? It looks like I helped you become stronger!
I'll keep training so that I'll be strong enough to win any battle!
That computer screen sure is blinking a lot.
Is it infected with a virus or something?
I can't wrap my mind around what went wrong here. It just doesn't make any sense to me.
Why would they just stop working suddenly?
Nonfunctional.
Terajuma Jungle was a dangerous place a long time ago, you know?
But Crawli knew the jungle like the back of his hand.
That's why he formed the Ranger HQ!
The computer is flashing rapidly... There seems to be something inside.
Insert the Data Drive?
\PN inserted the Data Drive.
...
The computer is going haywire!
A Pokemon emerged from the computer!
You left the computer alone.
ALEX: Has that Blizzard let up any?
SAM: I don't think it has... We haven't heard anything from our Rangers either.
ALEX: That's concerning...
"Crawli's Office".
MAYBELINE: Hey, you have 4 Virtual Badges, right?
Does that mean you want to take on my Virtual Gym?
MAYBELINE: Let's see where you left off...
MAYBELINE: After defeating Morty, you found the Gym Leader Jasmine atop of the lighthouse in Olivine.
She sent you on your way to pick up Secret Potion for her sick Ampharos.
But while in Cianwood City, you noticed there was a Gym.
You go inside of the Gym and find Chuck! This is what he says!
"WAHAHAH! So you've come this far! Let me tell you, I'm tough!
My Pokmon will crush stones and shatter bones! Watch this! Urggh! Oooarrgh!
There! Scared now, are you? What? It has nothing to do with Pokmon?
That's true! Come on. We shall do battle!"
That's true! Come on. We shall do battle!
MAYBELINE: You defeated Chuck! My modifications weren't enough!
Alright, you've earned it \PN. Please take this Badge.
\PN got one \c[1]Virtual Badge!
MAYBELINE: Come back if you wanna battle some more!
MAYBELINE: Too bad! Chuck reigns victorious!
I'll be here all the time so if you want to try again, I'll be here!
MAYBELINE: Aww...
MAYBELINE: Hey, you have 5 Virtual Badges, right?
SHANA: After defeating Chuck, you found the Gym Leader Jasmine atop of the lighthouse in Olivine.
You give her the Secretpotion and she heals her Ampharos.
You both walk to her Gym, and then she says...
"Thank you for your help at the Lighthouse... But this is different.
Please allow me to introduce myself. I'm Jasmine, a Gym Leader.
I use the Steel-Type. ...Do you know about the Steel-Type?
It's a type that was only recently discovered. ...Um... May I begin?"
...You are a better trainer than me, in both skill and kindness. In accordance with League rules, I confer upon you this Badge.
MAYBELINE: You defeated Jasmine, good job!
MAYBELINE: That's all I got for ya!
There are other dev members on this online fangame scattered throughout the region.
If you find them, please challenge them!
MAYBELINE: Oops! Too bad... Looks like Jasmine won!
We... Select... Only... The... Best... Moves... Here...
So... What... Will... It... Be...?
Signal.... Beam....? 3... Green... Tokens... I... Mean... Shards...
Hey! Thank! You!
Not... Enough...
Bug... Bite...? 3... Green... Shards... Por... favor...
Synthesis...? 4... Green... Shards? I... Mean... 3...
Come again!
VENAM: Sup, \PN. Need something?
I'm just doin' the usual. Nothing.
I finally got paid by Crawli for "fixing" all of the warp pads in the jungle and stuff.
And yes, before you ask, I did split the money between all the workers.
In fact, I gave them most of the money. So please tell Melia that so she won't be mad at me, okay?
You want my Dogars CD? That's my prized possession...
Wait, someone told you to find this CD so that you could return it to them?
There's...\| There's only one person that can be...
So this is where Amber went after all this time, huh?
Heh... This doesn't surprise me one bit.
Alrighty, \PN, where is Amber? You know where she is, right?
Aquamarine Cave, huh...? That's west of the HQ, right?
You better come too, \PN. I want there to be a witness when I completely BODY Amber.
I'm going to get strong and take Angie out myself.
N-No... Angie... I won't let you win!
Wroooaaarr! Angie!!
The Ranger HQ supplies a place to sleep for any trainer that wishes to rest.
It's good for trainers who've been through a lot.
MELIA: Hey, \PN! Are you ready to start?
MELIA: I don't think everyone else is ready. They're kind of doing their own thing.
I know this is really silly considering the position we're in, but...
Do you think you and I could take a small walk?
It'll be real quick, I promise! I just want to clear my head for a bit.
MELIA: Hm... These warp pads still seem to be broken. That's kind of annoying.
RANGER: Yeah, sorry, we're still trying to find a solution to this whole mess.
MELIA: I didn't really want to go too far anyway, so I guess this is fine.
Let's go, \PN.
MELIA: I haven't had the time to sit down and drink tea like I normally would.
But then I realize I'm alone with my thoughts. Maybe that's not such a good thing.
Huh? Are you going to bed? There's no time for sleeping!
Sleep is for the weak! By the way, I think I'm gonna take a nap now.
I sleep...
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
AELITA: This place has a lot of weird books I've never even seen before.
Different place, different info.
You look suspicious. You're not a spy from Angie, hm??
I guess you're fine, but don't get any funny ideas!
I have my eye on you.
MELIA: You know you shouldn't play music so loud like that in a public place.
VENAM: And you shouldn't be walkin' in peoples' room without permission!
What's up with you?
MELIA: Maybe next time you should make comebacks to my face.
That'd really show how witty you are.
VENAM: Gosh damn, what's your problem du-
VENAM: Wh-\ts[1] Waiiiit what??!
M-Melia?!
VENAM: But... But I thought... I thought-
MELIA: Just be quiet and hug me you idiot!
VENAM: O-Okay...
VENAM: So all that really happened? Damn, you two went through a lot.
MELIA: Yeah... Now we have to look for those Relics and travel to Kristiline Town.
It's all become one stressful headache for all of us.
MELIA: Oh, right... \PN wants to battle Crawli for his Badge as well.
VENAM: Damn, that sucks, but...
Crawli isn't here right now. He isn't even on Terajuma at the moment.
MELIA: ...What? Crawli isn't--
SAM: Ah, finally found you!
MELIA: Oh! Hi Sam!
SAM: We just wanted to let you know that we've located the location of the Sky Relic.
MELIA: R-Really? Where is it?
SAM: Hula Meadow. Just west of the Weather Institute.
It's ready for you guys to pick up whenever you're ready.
VENAM: You couldn't just bring it with you?
SAM: Hey, tradition is tradition! It's how things are!
By the way, that teleporter I mentioned to you is still borked.
Could you come with us and check it out?
VENAM: O-Oh, uh, yeah. I'll meet you there.
SAM: Great! I'll get the others ready then.
MELIA: Venam, what was that about?
VENAM: S-So you know those guys who worked in the Abandoned Sewers?
I heard they got a huge gig on Terajuma Island and they were gonna get paid a ton.
So I tricked them into thinking I was an engineer and they brought me along!
\sh\c[7]MELIA: YOU WHAT?
VENAM: B-But now they want me to do actual engineering and a girl is stuck, you know?
MELIA: What did you expect??
VENAM: A paycheck...
Anyway, you gotta come help me out! Please!
\PN, you'll help out too, right?
MELIA: Uh... \PN is busy with, um... Getting that Sky Relic, yeah!
Isn't that right, \PN? *Wink*...
VENAM: Guess I'll just have to settle for you then, Melia.
MELIA: What do you mean "settle"??
MELIA: \PN's right. Sorry, they can't help you right now.
VENAM: It was worth a try, I guess.
VENAM: Woah, \PN's a genius...
See? \PN can help us out!
VENAM: ...What?
MELIA: I really should just leave you to burn here, but I am willing to help.
VENAM: Cool! Thanks! We should get going before I get fired.
MELIA: When this job is done, you're giving the other workers 90% of the pay.
VENAM: Fuck no. 50%.
MELIA: 95%.
VENAM: 60%.
MELIA: 99%.
VENAM: Goddamnit, fine. 90%. Will you just come help me already?
MELIA: Fine.
VENAM: Cool!
Valor Mountain is a dangerous place that trainers used to visit long ago.
But recently it's been abandoned completely. It's a shame, really.
Farming berries can be such a pain without proper equipment.
Say, are you a berry connoisseur like me?
That's great to hear! Hey, could you bring me 5 Oran Berries?
If you do, I'lll give you something nice!
That's a shame, because if you were I would've given you an important mission...
BERRYGUY: Have you brought me those berries?
BERRYGUY: Great! I'll just take that from you!
Because you love berries, just like me, I'm going to give you this!
BERRYGUY: With this nifty device, you can water berries and help them grow!
It's much easier to do so with mulch, but unfortunately I don't have any of that.
Anyway, thanks for the berries! Enjoy farming!
BERRYGUY: Looks like you don't have enough, Champ. Come back with 5 Oran Berries.
BERRYGUY: I'll be waiting here for you!
BERRYGUY: Hope you're having fun farming!
We're trying to reach Kristiline Town, but there seems to be interference.
What is happening...?
VENAM: You guys better come back and visit me after you're done with all these shenanigans.
I was... really enjoying my time with Melia again.
"Community Rec Room."
I'm trying my best to be the best Ranger I can be!
I'm pretty high up in my class, so I hope I can become a Ranger Admin like Alex and Sam.
I'm so distraught... I don't know how to feel.
I failed my mission as a Ranger and I was given this as a result.
I don't wanna be chained down by this. So please take it away from me!
I feel free! No longer am I chained down by this Weakness Policy!
Crawli isn't accepting any challenges until we clear up some things so you'll have to come back later.
MELIA: Rise and shine, \PN! It's morning.
MELIA: Hey, \PN get up. You don't want to sleep the day away, do you?
MELIA: Good afternoon, \PN. It's time to get up. No time to lay in bed all day.
MELIA: Good evening, \PN. Did you sleep well? You must've.
MELIA: Wow, that fight with the Dexoys must've really put you out of commission.
You've slept the whole day away and now it's night time again. Have fun fixing your schedule.
MELIA: By the way, I just wanted ask... How are you doing?
MELIA: That's good. Your morale is strong. I really admire that about you!
MELIA: Yeah, you're right. It could be worse so there's no reason to sit around and sulk.
MELIA: ...I'm really sorry to hear that. We need to stay strong, though.
If we sulk for too long we'll just become weak and we can't afford that.
MELIA: By the way, I was doing more research last night and I found out something a little more troubling.
Turns out Magma Drift requires 7 Badges for it to work effectively.
Crawli said that new trainers would travel with a chaperone to deal with magma in Valor Mountain, but...
With everything going on with Angie, the task force's power has been focused on that solely.
MELIA: ...As it seems, yeah. We'll have to figure this out somehow.
It sucks, but that's... just how it has to be.
MELIA: Yeah, you're telling me... We're having the worst luck possible.
MELIA: Hehe... I've tried a few times myself. Crawli won't budge, but I don't blame him.
He's got enough problems to deal with as of late.
Anyway, I was wondering if you were interested in battling Crawli for a badge?
That would bring your total up to 6 badges. You'd just need one more to successfully use Magma Drift.
I can fly on Hapi, and Valarie can carry Aelita, but-
MELIA: Yikes, that scared a few years off my soul...
...!
Th-This song... I only know one person who would play this song.
It can't be! \PN, let's go next door!
Have you visited the Weather Center? I heard they have a special Pokemon called Castform there.
I hear they're good when used with weather. I want one for myself!
Man am I glad that I didn't have to cut down those vines.
It looks like too much effort for me.
Yes
No
Signal Beam
Bug Bite
Synthesis
No Thanks
Get me out.
I have a Relic to get.
A+A = B - B + 3.
I'm alright.
Could be worse.
Terrible.
So... We're on our own?
Well, that sucks...
Can we ask again?
[Map333]
Your party has been healed!
Getting my hair done is such a relaxing time... LIFE IS GOOD! Ahah!
AMBER: The Earth Relic was given to us by the God of Valor Mountain.
The water from this spring is heated by the Earth itself.
As a result we display this gem here in honor of this gift.
Now, it's time to bless it.
AMBER: Please, take the Earth Relic now, \PN.
\PN got the Earth Relic!
AMBER: And that's it. That's the tradition. You got your Earth Relic.
TESLA: Now, about that battle--
AMBER: Shut it, Mom. I said I'd give out the Earth Relic.
You know? The thing I'm forced to do as some stupid tradition?
I never said anything about battling anyone.
TESLA: Amber...
AMBER: Now, if you'll excuse me I have last minute flyers to place.
MELIA: I don't get it. What is her deal?
VENAM: Classic Amber Von Brandt for you.
SAKI: Yeah, she's always been a huge bitch!!
TESLA: ...
MELIA: Guys... Be respectful.
TESLA: Please forgive Amber.
She is spoiled and rotten, but...
There's a reason she's being especially rotten today.
Some time ago my husband left and never came back.
He left Amber and I because of some family feud he had with his brother...
The reason why Amber is the way she is because today is his birthday.
TESLA: You're leaving again?
???: Tesla, there's something I gotta take care of. Hold down the fort.
TESLA: That's all I've been doing while you go on your "trips" to Floria Island!
Amber never gets to see you anymore! Are you listening to me?
???: She'll understand.
TESLA: If you leave again, just don't come back.
???: ...
Sorry, Tesla.
TESLA: He hasn't returned ever since then...
I think Amber blames me for him not being here anymore.
MELIA: Oh... I suppose that explains a lot.
VENAM: He really left? I barely remember him, but he and Amber were really close.
TESLA: It doesn't excuse her behavior, but...
Sorry, this is a hard topic to talk about.
Please, allow me to make this up to you.
Due to slow business, there are villas that are available.
Please make use of them however you like.
MELIA: R-Really??
TESLA: Of course.
Unfortunately, there are only enough accommodations for Valarie, Saki, Venam, and Melia.
\PN, why don't you stay with Amber and I for the night? We have a guest room available.
SAKI: Yes, this is acceptable. I shall recharge my batteries post haste.
VENAM: I've never been to a fancy resort like this so I'm gonna chill out!
MELIA: Guess we'll meet up later then. Take care, \PN.
TESLA: There's still a few hours until the Cook Off.
Why don't you come over to my place? I have a little surprise for you!
MELIA: I've never been to a spa before... \ts[1]This is... so nice... I'm... happy.
AMBER: Are you going to talk all day, or are you actually going to battle?
Stop wasting my time and get up there!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
This Spa welcomes anyone who requires a more intensive kind of relaxation.
Our methods are so effective that\c[6] even your Pokemon feel it.
Some say that their Pokemon are more affectionate after undergoing one of our services!
VENAM: You beat me all that time ago in Gearen City, but I've gotten stronger!
I'll win this with time to spare!
SAKI: Ah... this is very comforting and all, but I live for adventure!
I'm waiting for these bed sheets to turn into a demon from the 74th gate of hell!
Then I shall destroy it with my patented Mower Machine 3000!
A hot spring can be very relaxing for anyone, but the most relaxing part of a spring is the \c[6]middle!
I would like to see a Fighting-type Pokemon. Would you have something like that?
If you ever have a Fighting-type on you, please show it to me!
Ah, how wondrous! How strong! Yes, this pleases me greatly.
Take this, it's a token of my gratitude.
Thank you for showing me a Fighting-type! I am eternally grateful!
SAKI: You better watch out, \PN! I'm really strong!
Really, really, really, really strong!!
VALARIE: You know? Maybe getting stranded on this island wasn't such a bad thing...!
Many trainers come to this spring to heal their Pokemon from any harm they've received on the road.
There aren't many places to heal on the island, so can you blame them?
I heard that this place used to be just a small beach that was real trashy.
Tesla found it and fixed it up so that she could put her resort here!
Have you heard of the Sevii Islands? I heard they have a hot spring just like this one.
Ours, of course, is more exquisite and luxurious.
DANCER: What are we going to do, Tesla? Business has been bad ever since Angie showed up.
People are too scared of her to book their vacations here!
Frankly, I don't think we can keep going at this pace!
TESLA: ...I understand your concerns, but we really mustn't give up!
Regardless of whether or not people are afraid, we have a job to do.
DANCER 2: Tesla, aren't you powerful? Why can't you do something?
TESLA: I've tried multiple times... There's a thick blizzard I can't pierce.
Talonflame's worn out at this point. I can't push him.
DANCER 3: That's great and all, but this won't affect our pay, right?
TESLA: And that concludes our meeting! Smiles goes for miles! Get to work!
TESLA: ...But really, though. What am I going to do?
TESLA: \PN? Is... Is that really you?!
TESLA: It is! It's really you, \PN! Please let momma Tesla give you a big ol' hug!
How have you been? Hopefully things are alright?
You're eating properly, yes? Brushing your teeth every night-
Sheesh, let me stop myself before I list off things for hours!
I have to be real honest with you, \PN. I didn't expect to see you here.
It must be fate, yes?
???: Hey, \PN? Did you happen to check out the Gym yet?
MELIA: Hm? Oh, I'm sorry... Are you speaking with someone?
I didn't mean to interrupt, I thought you-
MELIA: Aren't you Tesla Von Brandt?! Elite 8, Wielder of the Golden Flame, Tesla?!
TESLA: Ahah... I see you're familiar with my work then, yeah?
I told my agent that a title like that would be super... arrogant, but I guess he didn't really care.
As for you, though... Aren't you Melia?
MELIA: Y-You know my name?! But how-
TESLA: Of course I know your name! Weren't you supposed to become the Normal-Type Leader?
But that was before you and your father went missing... Which brings me to my next point.
MELIA: ...My father? You mean Jenner? He's not my father.
And as for why we disappeared... It's a long story, but it wasn't by choice.
TESLA: Jenner isn't your father? I see... But you don't have to worry.
Whatever you're doing is your business. You're a big girl who can make her own decisions.
I won't tell a soul that you're here.
MELIA: Th-Thank you, Tesla. That means a lot to me.
TESLA: Now that that's out of the way.
Do you mind telling me what you kids are doing at my resort?
Perhaps you've come to wash your stress and anxiety away?
MELIA: We're here because we heard there was a Gym here.
As well as looking for the Earth and Water Relics as well.
As for the Leader, I believe their name is Amber?
TESLA: That's right! That musician also just happens to be my daughter!
And the Earth Relic just happens to be in my care currently.
MELIA: Oh, really? That makes things convenient then!
Where is she? What about the Earth Relic?
TESLA: A little bit of bad news, sorry...
Amber and I got into an argument and she stormed off to Aquamarine Cave.
But if you can find Amber and bring her back here, I'm sure she'll accept your challenge!
MELIA: We just came out of Aquamarine Cave, so that shouldn't be too difficult.
We'll make our way there now, c'mon \PN!
TESLA: Actually, Melia? Could you stick around for a quick moment?
MELIA: Oh?
TESLA: There's just something I want to show you is all.
Could you wait for me in the back? It'll just take a second.
MELIA: Okay, I can do that! I'll be right back, \PN.
TESLA: That poor girl... You can tell that she's barely functioning right now.
I don't know what you all have been through, but I can tell it's starting to wear down on her.
I know this is a bit of trouble, but could you go and fetch Amber yourself?
I want to keep an eye on Melia and make sure she takes time to relax.
If I told her to stay here while you went out to look for Amber, she'd never accept.
If you're already gone, she'll have no choice but to sit down and take it slow.
Thank you, \PN. I promise I'll make it up to you too!
TESLA: I see you've met my daughter, \PN!
And it looks like you brought back an old friend as well!
Veronica it's been a very long time! How have you been?
VENAM: My name isn't Veronica. It's Venam, ma'am.
TESLA: Gotcha. Venam it is! Wonderful to see you again, Venam.
AMBER: I don't get what's so "wonderful" about seeing this ogre again?
If it weren't for her, we'd still be in Gearen City!
VENAM: You're still whining about that? I don't know how else to tell you that it wasn't me.
Maybe you need to stop bein' so damn delusional!
AMBER: I'm NOT delusional!
TESLA: Amber, please don't yell so loud. You're making the guests uncomfortable...
AMBER: Fine, I guess you don't want me here either?
I'm just gonna go home and chill out for a bit.
TESLA: Um, about that? I promised \PN you would battle them if they found you.
That and the blessing of the Earth Relic--
AMBER: I'll do it LATER. I'm not in the mood right now.
Out of my way, chump!
TESLA: P-Please excuse my daughter...
I spoiled her rotten and now this is the result.
VENAM: Eh, I feel like she would be just as bad even if she wasn't.
TESLA: Mmm... Well, I do feel awful about wasting your time, \PN.
Why don't you come by my Villa? It's quite comfortable and I'm sure you'd like it.
Who knows? Maybe we can convince Amber to battle you once she's calm.
VENAM: Aw yeah! I'm gonna go on ahead then!
CLERK: Congratulations on winning! There's also a secondary prize for winning, did you know?
ANA: No, I didn't! What is it?
CLERK: We'll develop a new ice cream dish with a name you decide!
ANA: Really...? Hm... What should we name it?
How about... Berry Close Win?\| I feel a little cheeky coming up with that name...
CLERK: It's decided then. Berry Close Win will be our flavor of the year!
ANA: Yay! Thank you so much!
Let's go back home, \PN. I wanna show Dylan the trophy we won!
Oh, a customer! Hello! Welcome to Teila Resort Salon! Where we pamper you and your Pokemon.
We have a variety of deals that cater to you, the customer!
Come back any time!
Let's get you all pampered up!
Well? How was it? Great, right?
Thank you, and come back again soon!
Oh, that's unfortunate. You don't have enought money for this.
Traveling? Let's wash away your worries!
Ah, your hair and skin look absolutely amazing!
Ah, the luxurious route, hm?
Well get ready! You're about to feel extremely relaxed and ready to go!
Oh. My. Gosh. Your skin is practically gleaming! I'm so jealous!
With this package you also receive these complementary items!
Please come again!
Sorry, but we only offer our services once per day for each customer!
Come back tomorrow!
TESLA: Amber should be somewhere within Aquamarine Cave.
She'll accept your challenge when you bring her back.
Be warned, though... She's kind of difficult to deal with.
And I don't mean in battle.
TESLA: Saying Amber's a handful is an understatement.
But I have no one else to blame but myself for that.
MELIA: Stand next to me whenever you're ready.
Together, we're unstoppable! I just know it!
Welcome to the Teila Resort lobby!
Unfortunately we're not accepting guests right now due to issues happening in Kristiline Town.
Please come back some other time!
Sorry, but we're completely booked with guests!
We're back in business!
Regular package - 1,500$
Traveller's package - 3,500$
Luxury package - 6,500$
No thanks
[Map334]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
MELIA: What a beautiful resort... If only we came here during more peaceful circumstances.
Maybe we should come here for a vacation once this is all over?
Just enjoying life in the moment sounds so nice...
VENAM: MELIA! MELIA! MELIA!
MELIA: What's up, Venam? What's caught your eye this time?
VENAM: I can see the water UNDERNEATH us. What the HELL?!
MELIA: Yeah, I bet you could see Mantyke swim underneath from time to time.
VENAM: I would like to see it.
RUNE: Huey? What are you doing?
HUEY: Oh, Rune! You're finally back! I was just looking at the Mantyke outside.
They're so cute just gliding around in the water like that.
This trip to Teila Resort's been awesome! I wish Lavender were here...
RUNE: ...I'm glad you're having fun, Huey. That makes me happy.
HUEY: What about you? Are you having fun?
You seem to go out a lot on your own. I saw you go into that cave on Route 6 a little while ago.
RUNE: Yeah, I was going out for a stroll. Heard a girl scream and went to go make sure she was okay.
HUEY: Well? Was she?
RUNE: Yeah, but it was... well. She'll be okay.
HUEY: Is something wrong?
RUNE: ...This trip wasn't exactly a vacation. Or rather, it wasn't supposed to be.
HUEY: Oh... Is it because of those two missing students?
I don't blame you... It is scary.
RUNE: I care a lot about you, Huey. I don't want you to get hurt.
I am your big sis, after all. It's my job to look after you.
HUEY: Yeah, I get it.
RUNE: Hey...\| Huey.\| Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever thought about life after all this?
I mean, someday you're going to go out into the world on your own.
It'll be scary, and you won't have me to fall back onto.
HUEY: Wha?! Where did this question come from??
You sure you're okay, Rune? You want a soda?
RUNE: Can I ask you one more question, Huey?
HUEY: Yeah!
RUNE: Just what do you know about Risa Raider?
<ac>\ts[1]The Nightmare Realm's lock has been undone!</ac>
<ac>\ts[1]We are one step closer to victory... Please, do not give up!</ac>
<ac>\ts[1]Return to the School of Nightmares...</ac>
<ac>\ts[1]And uncover the truth!</ac>
VALARIE: Hm...
VALARIE: Oh, sorry \PN. I was just thinking about our next move.
Now that we have Saki with us, we should really plan ahead.
We still have two sigils to find and a way to cross lava.
Hello! I happen to be looking for a Pokemon called Oranguru.
If you somehow have one, would you be willing to trade it for my Passimian?
Understandable decision... I just hope you change your mind eventually!
Thank you! Let's get started!
\PN traded Oranguru for Passimian!
Thanks for your help! Oranguru will be quite happy with me.
Oranguru will be safe with me! Please take care of Passimian!
SAKI: Hehe... That battle we had was fun, but whenever we officially battle it ain't gonna be so easy.
I'mma thrash ya, and bash ya, and chew you up!
And then stick you under a bench like gum because that's what cool people do!
SAKI: Where did everyone go? I heard a scream and then Val went to go check what it was.
Maybe I should follow her...
Nah.
Did you know that the rooms here are actually super affordable?
Tesla didn't want to alienate anyone from getting the vacation they deserve.
Official Pokemon Trainers actually get rooms for half off as well.
These rooms never have availability as a result, though...
...
Huh? Do humans generally approach people through one on one contact?
How.... sublime. Horribly sublime.
You may leave.
Yes
No
[Map335]
Why do I always get sent on missions I don't care about?
I guess it's not so surprising.
...!
I suppose this is why. I can't win for anything.
SAKI: Pfft... Imagine getting sick in this day and age. Get good, Melia!
VENAM: I just... I don't know, okay!
TESLA: Are you ready for your surprise?
TESLA: Great, but before that, let's cook up something delicious. It won't take long!
TESLA: Welcome to Tesla's kitchen! What can I do for you today?\|
TESLA: Something sweet? I can do that.
TESLA: Need something to cool your nerves? Momma Tesla is on the case!
TESLA: Something rejuvenating, huh? Now where have I heard that before?
TESLA: Something sour? No problem!
TESLA: You know? I never get to do this with Amber anymore.
Now that she's a Gym Leader and a musician, she's always doing something that keeps her busy.
I'm not necessarily complaining. She's spoiled, but she's not lazy.
I also think she's in that phase where she thinks she's too cool to hang out with her mom.
Ah, it's really a shame, too. We used to have a lot of fun.
Between my job at the Elite 8, and working at the resort, I'm barely home anymore.
That, and the fact that her father isn't here anymore...
She may be lashing out because she feels neglected...
She is causing you all a bit of trouble, but I'm glad you're here.
... And done!
Here you go, sugar. Something sweet for you.
Here you go, sugar. Something relaxing to calm down that nervous nerves of yours!
Here you go, sugar. Something that will bring you back to life in jiffy! Made with love!
Here you go, sugar. Something sour that will make you cringe at the taste, but you wanted that, right?
TESLA: Now... How about we check out that surprise?
Follow me, \PN!
TESLA: It's right in here!
TESLA: There's no rush! Just come speak to me when you're ready, all right?
AMBER: *Sniff*...*Hck*...
Wh-What do you want? You can't just barge in people's rooms like this...\|
AMBER: I'm in a dark room sobbing my eyes out. What do you think?
Of course I'm not doing okay!
AMBER: Is that all you came here to say? To stop being a child?!
If you just came here to tell me that I'm a horrible person... Just go.
Today is the worst day ever, and I'm only making it worse for everyone.
When I was young, a fire broke out in East Gearen City.
It got out of control and ravaged half of the city.
The source of the fire was led back to me. My family and I were exiled because of it.
It was hard for all of us, but especially on my dad.
He hated Terajuma because it reminded him of his home island.
Apparently he had bad blood with his family and it brought up bad memories.
AMBER: Things have never been the same since we moved here...
It's just been constant pressure and guilt every day.
After a while I think my dad got fed up and just left.
Can you blame him? Why stay in a place that brings up so many shitty memories?
Still, I hate him for hurting mom. I'm so conflicted I don't know how to act.
And to pour salt in the wound, my mom thinks I blame her for all of this.
...
I don't know why I told you all of that.
Maybe it's been bottled up to the point where I couldn't hold it back anymore?
I dunno, but I feel a lot better. So, thanks.\|
AMBER: H-Huh?
I see...
Hey, \PN? Remember when I called you annoying?
I take it back, alright? You can't hold that over me anymore.
A-Anyway...
AMBER: That's a little weird, don't you think?
I mean, you only just met me... Why are you being so nice?
You have no reason to after how I've treated you and your friends...
AMBER: Hm...
...I want to apologize to my mom. For everything.
That was the first time she yelled at me. She was right to.
I want her to know that I don't blame her.
And I want her to know how I feel about what happened in our past.
That's the only goddamn way I can see myself moving on from this.
AMBER: Hey, could you leave? I just need a sec.
I know it's rude and all, but yeah. Just do it... please?
Revenge will be swift! Madelis is giving us another chance!
Hopefully she gives us a third chance...
Next time I'll get you.
MELIA: ...
CRESCENT: Ah, \PN. Nice of you to join us.
We were just having a small discussion.
VENAM: Yeah, you were just about to tell us what happened to Saki and the rest.
You were the last person to speak with them, right?
CRESCENT: I suppose I was the last person to see them.
I wouldn't worry too much about them. I'm sure they're fine.
In fact, I did you all a wonderous favor.
I don't suppose you've all heard of Aelita's fate?
MELIA: Aelita... What happened to Aelita?
CRESCENT: Aelita and \PN messed with some dangerous magic a while back.
Remember that whole thing with the Never-Melt Ice and all?
They searched for the Magma Stone hoping that would be enough to melt Never-Melt Ice.
While they were able to retrieve it... Aelita suffered a curse placed by Garufans of that chamber.
Aelita is currently in a coma that she cannot wake up from.
MELIA: Aelita is in a coma?!
I've been so caught up with myself that I didn't even think about Aelita at all.
VENAM: Wh-What can we do?
CRESCENT: There's nothing for you to do.
There is a spiritual healer somewhere in Grand Dream City that may help Aelita.
I sent Saki, Valarie, Adam, Braixen, and the Eldest to that healer quite some time ago.
They had no more use on Valor Mountain, so I put them in charge of taking her to seek help.
So like I said before, you don't really need to worry about them.
MELIA: So that's just it then? I'm just not supposed to worry about them?
CRESCENT: Well, obviously, if there's nothing to worry about... why worry?
That's the most logical way of thinking, is it not?
AMBER: That's enough of the emo talk, okay?!
I'm throwing a party in a few minutes, and I don't want you all to ruin my vibe.
That being said, you're all invited. That includes Ms. Goth girl here.
MELIA: Sorry, but I don't want to party. Have fun without me.
VENAM: Melia...
AMBER: Just give her some space. She needs it.
CRESCENT: I won't be attending this party either. I have some things I have to do.
AMBER: ... Well if you say so. I'm going to go now.
Hey, Venam? You coming?
VENAM: Of course!
AMBER: And \PN... If you come to the party I'll let you battle me.
It'll be official and everything. I'll throw in a badge if you win.
You know where it is, right? It's in the Music Hall located east of the main desk.
I hope to see you there!
CRESCENT: ...As for you, \PN.
You should stop involving yourself with them. Every single one.
I don't know if it sank in yet, but you died, \PN.
If I didn't intervene... Well, let's just say you would've stayed that way.
Lightning doesn't strike twice... I won't be able to help you again.
Just live your life as you want to. Not the life these pesky fools lay out for you.
...Conversely, I think you should go to that party regardless.
If nothing else, I just want you all to smile for a little while longer.
Because soon, and very soon... smiling will become a luxury.
A luxury that none of you will be able to afford.
TESLA: Right this way, \PN!
TESLA: Haha, are you confused?
This is the room I wanted to show you before the Cook Off began.
Remember when I said I had a guest room for you?
Well, that wasn't necessarily the truth. This isn't a guest room.
TESLA: This room happens to belong to... \c[6]you.
TESLA: While you were looking for Amber, Melia and I chatted for a while.
She told me everything that happened at that castle, and what happened to your mother.
I... I just want you to know that I feel your pain.
I know what it feels like to be alone in this world. I was in the same position.
And of course, even though I cannot replace your mother...
I can at least make it my duty to continue what she started.
When all of this is over, do you think you could live here with Amber and I?
We'd love to have you here. For as long as you need.
Together, we'll be one big happy family!
But of course, you don't have to stay here if you don't want to.
TESLA: I'm so glad... I was worried you wouldn't like this.
TESLA: You don't have to say anything. It's alright.
TESLA: Do... Do you not like it? I... I understand if that's the case...
Um...
Please take these as well.
These are the keys to my Yacht. It's parked right outside my house.
Amber and I never use it, but I feel like it could be beneficial to you.
So whenever you do leave, but wish to come back, we'll be waiting.
AMBER: Finally found you. What are you doing in this room?
Anyway, the Cook Off is about to begin and I need you outside right now.
TESLA: Amber, can this wait a bit? I'm speaking with \PN right now.
AMBER: I don't care about \PN. The Cook Off is about to start.
TESLA: Amber... I said I was-
AMBER: People are waiting outside for both of us!
You're the absolute worst mother in the world. Just be useful for once!
\sh\c[7]TESLA: Well at least you have one!
AMBER: ...!
TESLA: Because I didn't! I never knew my mother, or my father!
They died when I was very young and I had no one to look after me but myself!
I had to bring myself up from the ground up, and find my own way without guidance!
I know you're upset that your father isn't here, and I'm sure you blame me for that.
But I am trying my best to support you in any way I can!
\sh\c[7]But I'm not strong enough for this. Everything is falling apart!
AMBER: ...
TESLA: ...!
Amber... Stop. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean...
Sorry that you had to see that, \PN. I need some time alone.
VENAM: Take a look at this place...
VENAM: Amber really has a house that's four times bigger than my own??
Yikes, I should puke all over this house to send a message.
VENAM: True... Tesla's always been nice to me.
Damn it... You win this time Amber Von Brandt...!
VENAM: Hell yeah you can! Double trouble boils and bubbles for this witch.
VENAM: Um, yeah, puke is gross. That's the entire point.
Amber would have to clean up the mess and that amuses me.
VENAM: Well? Are you gonna answer me or what?
Locked.
Why don't you come with us? We have a nice place for you!
So is that a yes or a no?
Is that a maybe? Maybe yes?
MELIA: Stand next to me whenever you're ready.
Together, we're unstoppable! I just know it!
GOTHITELLE: Gothee~!
\PN's team was fully healed!
VALARIE: Venam, what happened? Why did Melia take off like that?!
I leave you two alone for just a few minutes and this is what happens?
VENAM: Blame me all you want! She tricked me, and that's that.
After you gave her the medicine, she said she was dehydrated and needed water.
I went to go get her some, and when I got back she was out of bed.
What was I supposed to do? I didn't expect her to do this!
VALARIE: Where would she even go?
VENAM: Well... When I realized she was gone, I also noticed that the three relics were gone.
Before she flew off she said she needed to take care of things herself.
VALARIE: So... She flew off to Valor Mountain alone. That's what I'm getting here.
VENAM: What are we going to do?
VALARIE: \PN, did you figure out a way to melt that ice?
VENAM: In that case, did you get what we needed?
VENAM: Great, mind letting me use it real quick? Thanks.
VENAM: There, now I have Magma Drift on one of my Pokemon.
VALARIE: I'm surprised your Pokemon were able to learn such a move.
Which one was it?
VENAM: Oh, you know...\| One of 'em. That's not important right now.
We need to make our way to Valor now that we've got what we need!
VALARIE: You two go ahead.
I'm going to go get Braixen, Saki, and Adam.
VENAM: Well shit.\| What is there to do now?
Without Magma Drift, we're done for.
VALARIE: We have no choice but to go through the door Crawli mentioned.
It'll still be unsafe to go through without Magma Drift, but we'll have to try anyway.
Hopefully he's found out the way to open it by now...
VENAM: Second entrance?
VALARIE: Yeah, apparently underneath the Kakori HQ.
VENAM: Well then, in that case, we're going to Crawli's Gym!
That's where we'll find Crawli, right?
VALARIE: You guys go on ahead. I'll gather everyone else and see what we can come up with.
VENAM: Got it. \PN, would you like to go find Crawli with me?
VENAM: Heck yeah! Let's go!
VENAM: Alright, I'll meet you down in the depths of the Kakori Gym.
Don't take too long!
VENAM: You beat me all that time ago in Gearen City, but I've gotten stronger!
I'll win this with time to spare!
TESLA: \PN, we're all inside this room. Please meet us inside!
SAKI: Oh my gosh, I'm so excited to get started!
Tesla, where did you get a Field Simulator 2.0?!
I heard that these are super rare devices that can simulate any field!
TESLA: Yes, that's correct. This simulator was given to me by league officials.
In order to stay Elite 8 material, they give the members this device to practice on.
VENAM: This shit is so cool! I want one for my house...
AMBER: Stop talking and battle already, jeez!
SAKI: Alright, alright...
VENAM: Owowowow... My stomach is on fire...
SAKI: You better watch out, \PN! I'm really strong!
Really, really, really, really strong!!
SAKI: GODDAMNIT JUST DIE!!!
This game is cheating! It's not me, it's the game!
SAKI: Have fun killing Angie! Make sure to steal her money afterwards!
Also this tip I gave you costs everything you might find on the island.
Sorry, but that's just my policy! No takesies backsies!
TESLA: Field Simulator 2.0, please activate.
* Field Simulator activated. Awaiting command. *
TESLA: Is there a specific field you request, Amber?
AMBER: Hm... What could we do here...
Oh, I actually have a great idea! Let's use the Glitch field.
That's a manmade field that was used to beta test the field simulator.
So it'll be fun to see you all scramble around.
TESLA: I see... Field Simulator 2.0, please select the Glitch Field.
* Glitch field selected. *
VENAM: Glitch field, huh? That does sound pretty fun.
Hey Melia, when was the last time we battled?
MELIA: I actually can't remember... It's been so long.
It was long before all this craziness happened.
VENAM: Heh, it doesn't matter. We're gonna win no matter what!
Just don't hold me back, okay Saki?
SAKI: Um? Me hold you back? It's the other way around!
You're only the first Gym Leader. Which means you're the weakest out of all of us!
VENAM: ...
AMBER: Fight already, christ.
MELIA: Alright, let's go \PN! Let's show em our power!
* Battle commencing *
I lost to you again?! How annoying!
I've been smeckledorfed!
* Field Simulator deactivated. *
SAKI: What? How could we lose such an easy fight?!
MELIA: You lost because you two were careless and had no coordination.
You attacked with your Metagross as if you didn't even have a teammate...
TESLA: She's right. I understand you two have your issues...
But in battle, you have to be totally in sync. Otherwise, defeat is assured.
VENAM: Sigh... Alright, well, I guess I'll keep a mental note of that.
I still think we lost purely because of Saki, but whatever.
AMBER: That was way more entertaining than I thought it would be!
\PN and Melia were just too good! So sad, too bad.
TESLA: Amber, now you have to fulfill your side of the deal.
AMBER: Sigh... Guess so. Alright, follow me you idiots.
AMBER: Oh... hey \PN. I.. uh.. appreciate you saving me and all. That was pretty cool.
My mom appreciates it too. You're a bro!
AMBER: Oh hey, \PN. Thanks for saving me. Not.
If it wasn't for Saki, I would've died. Thanks a lot.
A bunch of Pokeballs inside of a capsule.
There seems to be one missing...
VALARIE: That's the last time I eat community made soup...
VALARIE: I don't approve of any of this, but I can't stop you.
Just be careful and don't fall for this obvious trap.
VENAM: Hey, watcha playin'?
AMBER: Go away, Venam. Stop being a stalker.
Guess it's not enough that you exiled me from my own hometown?
VENAM: Are you a Chatot or something? You going to repeat everything you say?
Seriously, I had nothing to do with what happened.
VENAM: Will you stop walking away and just talk to us?
AMBER: Talk to me about what? I already made it clear that I don't want to be bothered.
But thing 1 and thing 2 just love making my life a living hell.
VENAM: So just battle \PN and hand over the Earth Relic. Then we'll leave. Ez.
AMBER: As enticing as it sounds, I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
I'm hosting the Cook Off challenge in just a few hours.
VENAM: Cook off?
AMBER: Yeah, it's a tradition my mom came up with to entice people from the other parts of the island to visit.
Free food as long as you show up. Saves people money, I guess.
VENAM: Oh man... Free food sounds pretty good right now...
AMBER: You know what? I totally forgot I promised my mom I'd post flyers around!
So sorry, but I got things to do. Hope you understand.
VENAM: Guess there's nothing to do but wait around then...
Let's get out of here.
It's a vending machine.\n Which drink would you like?\G
\GA Fresh Water dropped down!
\GBonus! Another Fresh Water dropped down.
\GYou have no room left in the Bag.
\GYou don't have enough money.
\GA Soda Pop dropped down!
\GBonus! Another Soda Pop dropped down.
\GA Lemonade dropped down!
\GBonus! Another Lemonade dropped down.
\GDecided not to buy a drink.
AMBER: Are you going to talk all day, or are you actually going to battle?
Stop wasting my time and get up there!
AMBER: Heyyy \PN. Welcome to the party that is my room!
Now that the party is over, it's Amber and \PN hanging out time, right?
Um, but that whole Team Xen business is over, right? They're not coming back, r-right?
AMBER: What do you mean "probably"? Either they're coming back or not!
Oh I get it... You're just trying to scare me! Haha! Don't do that.
AMBER: GOOD. They deserved it for what they did to me.
Now that they're all dead, I can kindly enjoy my time here at the resort.
Now that we're alone, we both can enjoy some nice...
Quality television!
Let's see what's on TV today!
"BREAKING NEWS"
VOLTA: Hello everyone, it's your trusted and talented Gearen News host, Volta!
Today we are investigating this weird green phenomenon that's happening in West Gearen.
Local citizens are reporting that this green fog phenomenon emits an incredibly putrid smell.
A smell capable of knocking out any poor victims exposed to it!
As of now, West Gearen City is going under LOCKDOWN until further notice!
East Gearen City will now be under close watch to make sure the safety of citizens is secured!
This has been Volta, your talented and loved host of Gearen News!"
AMBER: Yawn. So bored.
You mean people are being attacked by fog now? Will any damn thing make the news?
"Boy eats an apple". HOLY SHIT. THIS IS RIVETING.
That's it, we're over this. I wanna show you somethin' cool.
AMBER: Um, I don't remember inviting you here.
VENAM: I know, I was just wondering if you guys have seen Melia?
AMBER: What? Who cares about her? \PN and I are hanging out right now.
VENAM: Amber, this is important. I need-
AMBER: Just leave!
AMBER: Okay, now that she's gone... we can finally have some fun around here.
Meet me in the back. Like I said, I have somethin' cool to show ya.
VALARIE: She's running quite the fever, and it seems to be getting worse by the second.
If we don't find suitable medicine for her, this might be bad.
VENAM: Where can we find medicine? Does the PokeMart hold any?
VALARIE: Not sure, but we're going to have to look around.
But in the meantime, we need to discuss what's our next step.
All three Relics have been gathered, but we still don't have a way to travel through Valor Mountain safely.
I've contacted Crawli and asked if there were anyone available to guide us through Valor, but...
VENAM: No dice, huh?
VALARIE: What a headache...
SAKI: Mm... If we can't melt it. Why don't we just blast ourselves in?
VENAM: There are people held up in that shop, Saki. Doing that could hurt them, or worse.
SAKI: I didn't hear a no.
VENAM: No.
SAKI: C'mon guys! Lemme just blast it! So what if one person dies? Or two...
VENAM: That's awful.
SAKI: I'm just kidding!! Gosh.
VALARIE: There might be something we can actually do.
\PN, could you go back to Kristiline and visit the Sapphire Musuem?
It's a museum that's focused mainly around mythology and Legendary Pokemon.
I remember at my time at Axis University, I read a book called "The Three Golems". It mentioned the source of Never-Melt Ice, which was the Legendary
Pokemon,\c[6] Regice.
I only skimmed through it, but I vaguely remember something about how to melt Never-Melt Ice.
VENAM: Glad you didn't ask me to go to the library...
VALARIE: No, I'll need you to stay here and look after Melia.
It's unlikely, but Team Xen could invade and attack at any point.
As for me, I'm going to search the island for medicine.
SAKI: What about me?
VALARIE: ...
Saki, we're friends and all, but... It'd be best if you stayed out of this.
SAKI: WHAT? Like hell I'm gonna just sit around and play video games for 8 more hours!
Because I already did that!
VALARIE: You've already proven to be quite unreliable as of late.
Lives are at stake here, Saki. I'm not taking any chances.
SAKI: Y-You'll regre-
No, you know what, Valarie?
I'm going to build something so cool. Something so RELIABLE.
It'll be so fantastic that you'll be begging me for your forgiveness.
But guess what? You're not going to get it!
I'll be back!
VALARIE: Sigh... It's settled then. We all know our jobs.
Once I get that medicine for Melia, I'll try my best to help out.
For now I have to get going. Good luck.
TESLA: Hopefully Amber will keep her word after all this.
This is all very childish, I apologize.
This is the Fire Relic! This is the one Amber gave to us at the hot springs!
AMBER: You saw my Pokemon when we battled, right? Super awesome and strong and stuff, right?
What if I told you that these Pokeballs contain even stronger Pokemon?
These are Mom's Pokemon, but she lets me use them whenever I want!
But there was one Pokemon in particular that I wanted to show you.
AMBER: W-Wait a minute, it's gone...
There are supposed to be six Pokemon in this machine, but there are only five!
Did my mom take one of them?
VENAM: Seriously you guys! I need you two to help me out here!
AMBER: YOU'RE SO ANNOYING.
VENAM: Listen, all I need-
AMBER: No, YOU listen. You get to hang out with \PN often, and I don't.
I don't get to have fun with anyone because the only people who come here are trainers who are only interested in my badge.
AND old people who come here to shrivel up and spend their retirement fund!
So would you just let me have this moment?
VENAM: Maybe you'd have more friends if you didn't act like such a bitch all the time!
AMBER: I wouldn't act like one if there were less persistent pests like you.
And no, before you ask me again, I will not help you with whatever it is you need help with. Leave!
AMBER: GODDAMNIT. Fine.
I'll help you look for this girl you care SO much about for whatever reason.
I'll make my way to Kristiline and see if anyone's seen her. Does that make you happy?
VENAM: Yeah, it does. Thanks.
\PN, how about you and I go see Augustus at the battleship?
Maybe he might've seen Melia or something.
VENAM: The ship is still docked on the shore, right?
Do you want to walk with me there, or do you have somewhere else to go?
VENAM: Cool. Let's go.
VENAM: All right, just don't take too long.
This is the Water Relic! This is the one Angie had stored deep within her own dimension.
AMBER: H-Huh? Who are you?!
What do you think you're doing?! You can't just--
\sh\c[7]G-Gyaaaahh!!!
It sounds like people have broken into the house...
Remember me? You battled me before. I lost my pride to you!
I lost to you again?! Why?!
Grrggh...
VENAM: Her fever is getting worse and worse... I hope she'll be okay...
VENAM: I'll look after Melia while you're gone.
Don't take too long, okay?
This is the Grass Relic! This is the one Crawli found underneath his base in Kakori Village!
VENAM: Uh oh...
SAKI: Never in my day did I imagine myself in the presence of this foul beast again.
Tell me...
SAKI: Who let this demon out of her cage?!
I will exterminate this vermin and bring peace back to this land once more.
MELIA: S-Sorry, am I missing something here?
TESLA: Drama, dear. Pure drama.
SAKI: Constructed from pure silver, and many useless parts from my lawn mower...
I have created the most powerful weapon known to humanity!
The Saki Mower 3000!
AMBER: Oh come on... What is Saki Blakeory doing here?
SAKI: I said from my lawn mower, idiot! All it shall take is one lunge to end it all!
SAKI: ...I missed.
AMBER: You sure did, you freak!
What are you doing in my house, Saki Blakeory!
I said if we ever met again, we'd kill each other!
SAKI: Of course I remember! That's why I just tried to kill you, dummy!
TESLA: I don't remember validating such a deal!
AMBER: Look, all I want to do is post flyers about the Cook Off.
So if I could just be left alone to do that...
MELIA: What about the battle and the Earth Relic?
\sh\c[7]AMBER: WOULD YOU GIVE THAT A REST?!
I'm tired of having to repeat myself over and over. I don't WANT to do anything today!
AMBER: No, you know what? How about this?
Melia and \PN vs Venam and Saki. Entertain me, and I'll consider.
MELIA: What? A multi-battle? We don't have time for this...
AMBER: It's tradition for the relics to be blessed before given away.
If you want it, then these are my terms.
VENAM: Tradition is stupid. Just give it here.
SAKI: I agree. Can't we just order pizza or something...?
TESLA: Well, if you all need a room to battle in, I have a battlefield you can use.
AMBER: It's upstairs. I expect all of you to be there.
VENAM: Welp, there's nothing that can be done about it.
May as well have fun with this.
SAKI: I'll take Venam out with no problems! I'll run her over and hide her body in the water!
VENAM: Saki, we're on the same team. Why would you do that?
SAKI: Personally, I feel like this should be a free for all.
But I mean, I guess this is fine, too. C'mon, let's go!!!
VALARIE: ...I'm going back to the Spa. You all have fun with this.
MELIA: Well, if this is for the Earth Relic then it's probably fine.
Heh, they missed with the wrong duo. We'll take them down easily.
MELIA: \PN! Are you doing okay?
We found you on the floor unconscious. Bet that was Madelis too, huh?
Not only that, but Tesla found a ransom note on you when she brought you inside.
That Madelis... She played a dirty trick. We let our guard down.
VENAM: Yeah, no kidding? My stomach is about to explode...
Welp, at least we got the Earth Relic from Amber.
VENAM: ...?\| What?
MELIA: Anyway, Tesla read the note and stormed off to Valor Mountain.
Now we have two hostage situations. What are going to do?
VENAM: It sucks, but we just gotta rethink our strategy.
Maybe there's something else we can-
VALARIE: Sorry, but did an envelope just materialize out of thin air?
MELIA: Uh, it sure did...
VENAM: Something like this happened to me, Amber, and \PN in Aquamarine Cave!
I wasn't really listening, but I think Amber said Angie had something to do with this.
VALARIE: Should we open it? It might be import-
SAKI: Oooh, are we watching a movie?
VENAM: It suddenly just got... REALLY cold in here!
MELIA: ...Is this Angie?
???: Good evening to the recipients of this letter...
My name is Angie. I am the Leader and sovereign of Kristiline Town.
In this letter I am inviting three specific individuals to my island.
Those being: \PN, Melia and Venam.
You all will meet with me at my church on the Isle of Angels.
I believe I have two things in my possession that you are searching for.
Those being a Badge, and the elusive Ocean Relic.
Of course, I realize that you all may be wary, so I'll give you even more of an incentive.
I have\c[6] two certain Rangers held captive inside of my church.
I believe their names are Alex and Sam?
They were foolish enough to believe they could face me.
ANGIE: I want to make myself crystal clear. My invitation is only for you three.
\c[6]And you are to make your way to my church immediately.
Disregarding these conditions will result in dire consequences.
Thank you for your time. I will be waiting for you in my church.
VENAM: Make that three hostage situations.
SAKI: Aw man, I saw that movie already. Lameeee.
VALARIE: I know what you're thinking, but this is quite clearly a trap.
MELIA: Yeah, there's no way that this isn't a trap, but...
If Angie has Sam and Alex hostage, then there really isn't much of a choice.
Not to mention that Badge and the Ocean Relic.
Without either of them, all of our work so far would be for naught.
...Besides we were planning on going to Kristiline eventually, weren't we?
Remember? Magma Drift?
VENAM: I say we go over there and kick her ass!
VALARIE: Even with all of that, I still don't approve, but you can make your own decisions.
Just be careful, and don't do anything stupid.
VENAM: So, like... How exactly are we supposed to get to Kristiline?
MELIA: Tesla gave you the keys to her Yacht?!
VENAM: Cool! We can use that to get to Kristiline Town!
We should get going right away.
MELIA: Okay, we'll be waiting for you outside, \PN.
Yes
No
Something sweet!
Something relaxing!
Something rejuvenating!
Something sour!
Are you okay?
Stop being a child.
I'm here to help.
What next?
Thank you...
I don't know what to say...
This is Tesla's house...
Can I help?
Gross.
Let's go!
Got somethin' to do...
Fresh Water - $200
Soda Pop - $300
Lemonade - $350
Cancel
Probably.
They all died.
Let's go together.
...About that.
[Map336]
Angie has set a bunch of curfews for us.
We're not allowed outside of our houses after 7pm because that's when "evil begins to lurk the grounds".
This is just insane...
It seems as though Angie is now gone.
The temperature rised so suddenly I thought someone had set the town on fire!
What a relief it was when I found out it was just the hot sun peeling away the snow!
Maybe we can finally live in peace once again.
Angie just showed up randomly one day. I remember it very clearly...
A weird mist enveloped the island and suddenly there was this figure walking into the village from the pier.
She demanded that we adhered to her commands.
Of course, we thought it was a joke, but then she froze people who defied her right in front of us!
Once we saw what power she had, we had to accept her terms.
Shortly after that she headed for the isles and we haven't physically seen her since.
If I walk outside and see snow it'd be too soon!
I'm going to stay here and enjoy my delicious ramen!
Winter, Winter, go away! Never come another day!
It's the trophy you and Ana won at the Cook Off!
OLDLADY: Farha, look! They're back!
FARHA: You're back! It took quite some time, but did you do it?
FARHA: You did it?! Thank you so much, \PN!
OLDMAN: If Angie is gone, that means we can sell our wares again!
FARHA: It means more than that, old man.
It means we don't have to live in fear anymore.
Of course, you deserve this.
OLDLADY: Please, if you wish to stock up on powerful TM's-- This is the place for you.
FARHA: Thank you for everything, \PN!
You must be real foolish to stumble your way into Kristiline.
Surely there must be rumors about Angie, right?
Listen, you look pretty strong... Get out of here while you can.
So I heard you guys were the ones to defeat Angie.
I have to say, I'm quite impressed. I didn't think Angie could be defeated.
I do love living my life here in Kristiline, but I feel like there's more I can do!
If you have an opportunity for me to do something grand-- Please tell me!
Oh! People are working towards restoring Goldenwood Forest?
I heard Team Xen alienated everyone out of the area, so nature took it back.
This is the perfect opportunity for me! Thanks for telling me!
ANA: Is this your house?
DYLAN: Sort of. Through here.
There used to be a bell here in Kristiline. We would ring it whenever someone we knew had passed.
I wish someone would find that bell and ring it for us now.
Peace is now restored to Kristiline Town once again!
Maybe we can reconstruct our old bell and ring it as a sign of fortune instead of demise.
Huh? I'm just here to sleep. Bye.
ANA: Excuse me, but do you sell Lava Cookies?
CLERK: Only the best Lava Cookies in all of Aevium!
Would you like to buy some?
ANA: I'd like to buy 10 of them, please!
CLERK: That'll be $2,000!
ANA: Here you go!
CLERK: Thank you!
Say, I don't think I've seen you here before. Are you new here?
ANA: Mhm... My friend Dylan brought us here to visit for a while.
CLERK: D-D-Dylan you say? You mean the son of the old man who ran the Fishing Contest?
He's back in town? I never thought I'd see the day...
ANA: How come?
CLERK: Dylan and his grandpa weren't really on good terms.
Yelled a lot, fought a lot, that sorta thing.
ANA: Oh yeah... He did mention something about that.
CLERK: Did he tell you that he left his grandpa with a blind eye?
ANA: Wh-What?!
CLERK: Yes it's true... Socked 'em real good in the left eye.
Poor old man's eye almost fell outta the socket!
ANA: Where is he now?
CLERK: Gone. After that day he just got his things and left.
ANA: I see...
CLERK: People thought Dylan went back to his old spot down in Aquamarine Cave, but he never returned.
But I suppose that's all in the past now. Nothing to get worked up over.
You all have a good rest of your day, you hear?
ANA: Yes, thank you Ma'am. You too.
Whoa, a trainer? What made you crazy enough to come all the way out here?
Surely there must be rumors about Angie now, right?
It's not safe here anymore. You should get the hell out of here.
Did you guys defeat Angie? Wow, you guys sure are strong!
Thank you on behalf of Kristiline Town!
Welcome to the Kristiline Caf... That's what I would like to say...
But this place is less a restaurant, and more of a refuge for people who are afraid of Angie.
Please be safe and stay here if you don't want to be harassed.
I want to propose to my girlfriend, but I don't have enough money to buy her a ring.
My friend's a jeweler, though, and offered to make a ring for me for free if I can get my hands on my girlfriend's favorite gem.
Her favorite gem is, of course, Aquamarine.
If you happen to come across Aquamarine Ore, please consider giving it to me!
Th-That's Aquamarine Ore! You found some?!
P-Please, consider giving that to me!
Thank you so much! Please take this for your troubles!
Thank you so much!
Y-You're horrible!
If you happen to come across Aquamarine ore, please give it to me!
Thank you so much for the Aquamarine Ore!
...
How peculiar.
Subject seems to refuse silence. Behavior noted.
Be on your way, then.
Hello, and welcome to God's mercy.
We are blessed to have machines like these to aid us in dire times.
Would you like to rest your Pokmon?
OK, I'll take your Pokmon for a few seconds.
Your Pokmon may be infected by PokeRus.
Little is known about the PokeRus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokmon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
Thank you for waiting.
We've restored your Pokmon to full health.
We hope to see you again!
First, you should restore your Pokmon to full health.
Your Pokmon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope you excel!
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Kristiline Town Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
MAGGY: Magy!
Sigh... I posted a help request here in Kristiline, but Angie locked the Help Center down and gave the keys to someone else.
I guess you could say... it can't be helped.
Oh! You answered my help request!
So that means you're here to take my quiz?
Haha, yeah! Thanks!
Well let's start, shall we?
How many residential areas are present in Kakori Village?
Sorry, that's incorrect. Try again later.
Haha, yeah! That's right!
Which emotion can Valor Mountain feel?
Yup. That's right!
You're pretty good at this!
How many help requests are there in Kakori Village?
Yeah! That's right!
As your prize, I'm going to tell you who Madame X TRULY is!
She's-
???: No.
BROTHER?!
"Quiz" help request.... completed? What just happened?!
I should've known better....
There used to be a bell in Kristiline Town a long time ago.
We would ring it whenever we suffered a great loss, or if somewhere in Aevium was in trouble.
It's unfortunate that no one has a bell to ring for us.
I can finally enjoy the wondrous joy of Z-Noodles once more!
It truly doesn't get any better than this! *Sluurrrp*!!
Hm. Subject seems to be enthralled with subject B.2.
Hmph, continuing status check of-
GARRET: Hey, you have 6 Virtual Badges, right?
Does that mean you want to take on my Virtual Gym?
GARRET: Let's see where you left off...
GARRET: After defeating Jasmine, you made your way to Mahogany Town.
You walk into the Mahogany Gym to challenge their leader, Pryce.
Pryce walks up to you and says...
"Pokmon have many experiences in their lives, just like we do. I, too, have seen and suffered much in my life.
Since I am your elder, let me show you what I mean. I have been with Pokmon since before you were born.
I do not lose easily. I, Pryce--the winter trainer-- shall demonstrate my power!"
Ah, I am impressed by your prowess. With your strong will, I know you will overcome all life's obstacles. You are worthy of this Badge!
GARRET: You did it! You defeated Pryce!
Alright, you've earned it \PN. Please take this Badge.
\PN got one \c[1]Virtual Badge!
GARRET: Come back if you want to battle some more!
GARRET: That's too bad.
I'll be here all the time so if you want to try again, I'll be here!
MAYBELINE: Hey, you have 6 Virtual Badges, right?
GARRET: Hey, you have 7 Virtual Badges, right?
Finally, after getting 7 badges after defeating Pryce, you make your way to Blackthorn City.
You find the Leader of the city, Clair, couped up in her Gym.
Instead of walking up to you, she demands you walk to her.
Once you do, this is what she says.
"I am Clair. The world's best Dragon-type master. I can hold my own against even the Pokmon League's Elite Four.
Do you still want to take me on? ...Fine. Let's do this! As a Gym Leader, I will use my full power against any opponent!"
I lost? I don't believe it. There must be some mistake...
GARRET: You did it! You defeated Clair!
GARRET: You've done it, \PN! You've defeated all of our leaders!
This is no small feat. Please take this as our thanks!
\PN received 25 AP points!
You can use those points at the Chrisola Hotel for awesome prizes!
GARRET: There's nothing left. Thank you so much for your hard work!
Thank goodness Angie is out of the picture. Now I can finally get out of this house without freezing to death!
B-Brother?! Where did you go?!
My boyfriend brought me here for a romantic getaway, but now we're just stuck here.
Starting to think our lives are just destined for disaster.
Welcome to the Kristiline Clinic.
If you're in need of a therapist, this place is for you!
DYLAN: Well, this is it. It ain't much, but it's home.
ANA: There are two beds here. Does someone else live here?
DYLAN: Way, way long ago I used to live here with my Grandpa.
He used to work in a lighthouse on Route 6, but unfortunately the building sorta collapsed within Aquamarine Cave.
After that, he opened up a fishing contest hall.
Pretty popular place it was, that is, until he ruined it.
ANA: He ruined it? How?
DYLAN: The old fool wasn't making the money he wanted, so he took his frustration out on me.
I decided I didn't want any of that, so I left. I was the one who kept things orderly.
So with me gone, this place fell into nothing. I don't regret it one bit. That asshole deserved it.
ANA: Where is your Grandpa now?
DYLAN: Who even knows? It's possible he's no longer in this region anymore.
He always said he hated Aevium. Terajuma especially.
There was no reason for him to stay here. So be it. It's mine now.
We can hang here for a while. I'm sorta done with Grand Dream City anyway.
ANA: Alright, sounds like a plan.
DYLAN: I'm gonna go hang around the town and see what's new.
Don't cause too much trouble while I'm gone.
ANA: Uh-huh... Like it's \PN and I who would get in trouble.
We don't wanna have to bail you out of jail, so don't do anything dumb!
DYLAN: Absolutely no promises.
By the way, Ana. Some things aren't free. Ergo, they cost money.
Here's 30k. Go nuts.
ANA: 3-30k?! Is that really alright with you?
DYLAN: Huh? It's only 30k. Don't sweat it.
But yeah, I'll be back later.
ANA: That Dylan... He's so nice to me.\| I'm glad to have both of you around!
ANA: Well, I think I'll explore the town a bit myself!
There's still a lot about this world that I don't know, and I wanna learn about it all!
Maybe there's some place in town that will be useful for that?
ANA: Looks like Dylan isn't back yet... Maybe we should just wait.
These Lava Cookies smell like they were just baked, though...
I bet they don't taste as good if you leave them out for a while.
You know what? There's still time left in the day. Let's go look for him!
Could be a way for me to become familiar with the town anyway.
It'll be two Pidgeys with one stone!\| I think!
FARHA: Grandma and Grandpa! We have guests!
OLDLADY: F-Farha, what are you doing bringing strangers here?!
Don't you know how risky it is to bring people to our home?
Angie's always watching and we can be punished if we're found out!
FARHA: I know that, but these people came here looking for a specific TM.
It's the one you guys have all those old copies of. The Magma Drift one.
OLDMAN: Magma Drift? Why would these people want that TM?
OLDLADY: It doesn't matter. Let's just give them what they want so they can leave!
MELIA: They seemed really afraid... Is this really okay?
FARHA: No, it's far from okay. That's the issue.
In exchange for this TM, I must ask you to drive Angie out of this town.
VENAM: I mean, we were already planning on doing that.
FARHA: That's good to know, but I don't think you understand what's truly at stake here.
Countless Rangers have visited this town with the goal of arresting Angie.
Not one of them returned to town. We've become desensitized to it.
But when I look at you three, I see a certain strength the others have not displayed.
Therefore, I believe you have a small ch-
FARHA: No... It's too late. She found us!
MELIA: Sh-She found us? You mean Angie?
FARHA: You three need to leave! You need to leave right now!
VENAM: What about Magma Drift?!
FARHA: Forget about it. There's no time!
Aw, c'mon babe. It's nice here!
After what happened to Kristiline, I need therapy.
PATTY: Yay!! I love to chat n' stuff!
So the other day my mom came into my room and asked me for my hair dryer. Like, fine, I give it to her.
Then I'm like, "Mom, you're so top-heavy. You need to go on a diet. You should try weight watchers!"
My mom was all like, "Patty! That's not a nice thing to say! That's not even true, I think..."
So I go ahead and slap her stomach to watch it jiggle, and she's like, "Patty! That hurt. I think you left a mark..."
I'm just like, ya, a stretch mark.
Oh my gosh. I think I need to get back to work. It was nice talking to you, though!
Do you want to know how I got this job? I'll tell ya.
So I'm minding my own business when suddenly I see these two maids walking towards Kristiline.
I'm just like... Oh. My. Gosh!! I need those maid outfits.
So I follow them and grab a spare maid outfit and look super cute n' stuff.
This woman with blue hair, her name's Angie, shows up and is like. "I want you to take over the PokeMart."
I'm like, HELL YEAH I WILL. I will be swimmin' in those dollar bills soon- Even though I'm supposed to hand over all profit.
Like, I don't see Angie down here trying to make a living. Sorry girl, but this money is MINE.
My mom is sooo annoying. She's like "Patty, you can't join a radical extremist cult, blah blah blah..."
Um, excuse you? I can do whatever I want, mom.
You're just jealous that I got a super rad job at the PokeMart and you didn't. Simple.
Her boyfriend got super salty about that and was like "Patty, that was rude. Please apologize to your mother."
I'm like... "You should apologize for picking someone so ugly like my mom! Like, what the hell dude?!"
My mom started crying and I promised to be the better person and help her not be ugly.
I'm, like, such a good person, you know?
Come back soon- Oh, and praise Angie and all that stuff, hah.
PATTY: Oh. My. Gawsh. A customer!
We haven't got a customer here since like... the moment we arrived, haha.
My mom is always complaining, "Patty, when are you finally going to make money and support our family?!"
I'm just like, "When you finally find a stable husband who doesn't leave you in a year".
Anyways, enough about that. Welcome to Angie's Bazaar and all that stuff, haha.
Would you like to shop or chat?
DYLAN: Alright, I'm out for the day again. Gonna do some errands.
ANA: Gotcha. See you later tonight.
DYLAN: Ye. See ya.
ANA: Hey, when I was on my way to Aquamarine Cave yesterday, I had to go through Teila Resort.
It looked like a cool place to hang out in. How about we check it out for the day?
ANA: Dylan! Where are you?! \PN and I just had the most incredible day, you wouldn't believe it!
ANA: Huh? He's still not home?
ANA: Ah, I understand. I bet he's at his favorite place again.
Kind of outta the way, but I guess we could go check on him.
ANA: Hey, Dylan? You got a moment? \PN and I had a rough day...
Dylan?
ANA: Huh... He's not here either? I guess... He must be at his favorite spot?
No reason not to head over there now. There's nothing else to do...
OLDMAN: Please take a look at my wife's wares. She owns some rather rare TMs!
Sure
No
Yes
9
6
4
10
Jealousy
Melancholy
Calmness
Excitement
5
7
8
Shop.
Chat.
Neither, thanks.
[Map337]
It's one of Crawli's rangers. They're frozen in ice.
MELIA: Someone's skilled with the piano.
VENAM: You think that's Angie playing?
MELIA: It's definitely her. The way they're playing is... empty and cold.
VENAM: I-I see...
MELIA: Venam, are you afraid?
VENAM: The hell?! I'm not scared, I'm just... really cold.
MELIA: Mhm, then you won't mind if you walk in front?
VENAM: Hmph. Of course not!
MELIA: I dunno, what do you think, \PN? Is Venam scared?
MELIA: Hmph, that's two votes for scared, Venam.
VENAM: I AM NOT SCARED!
VENAM: Hah! I told you!
MELIA: Sure, whatever. I totally don't buy it, but sure.
VENAM: Wh-What the hell?!
MELIA: These are the Rangers Crawli sent!
And there's Alex and Sam among them!
CERA: I hope you like them. Angie placed them for you three as a welcoming gift.
VENAM: This is what Angie finds welcoming? Is she alright in the head?
CERA: What, you don't like it? I feel like it holds a nice degree of charm!
CERA: The courageous and brave Rangers of Terajuma are completely encased in ice.
The models that are supposed to represent hope now represent despair!
I think... I think it's wonderful!
MELIA: You know? I don't remember asking you what you thought.
Who are you anyway? Where's Angie?
CERA: Mhmheh...
Angie's waiting for you in the next room. Don't keep her waiting!
VENAM: I wanna knock her teeth in! Who does she think she is?!
MELIA: Probably some corny maid-wannabe that has nothing else to do.
VENAM: For the record, I'm never scared. I never get scared. EVER.
???: It's fascinating, and quite pitiful to watch them struggle, isn't it?
Almost as if they truly believe they have a chance of changing anything.
I must admit, I do experience great pleasure in watching them scramble around.
???: Cera.
CERA: Yes, Lady Angie?
ANGIE: Observe them. I wish to learn more about them.
CERA: Yes, Lady Angie. Your wish is my command.
ANGIE: You all... show me.
What you are truly capable of!
This one looks like Sam!
MELIA: Y-You must be Angie.
MELIA: ...
VENAM: She's talking to you!
VENAM: Hey!
VENAM: H-Huh?!
???: Children of the Almighty... I am here.
CERA: How does it feel to be disregarded and disrespected?
Doesn't feel so good, now does it?
Are we not of the highest priority? Rather, is that gym badge not important to you?
Did you not hear Angie when she said to come here and nowhere else?
VENAM: We disrespected you? The hell did we do?
CERA: You dare go off on your own around Kristiline Town after we invited you specifically to this church.
You have a lot of nerve, Melia, Veronica, \PN.
VENAM: You know our names? By the way it's Venam, not Veronica!
ANGIE: Nonsense. You were blessed with one name only.
Yes, to answer your previous question, I am Angie.
I am the Gym Leader of Kristiline Town and the head mistress of the order of Arceus.
VENAM: Self-proclaimed leader, I'm sure. The league administration would never allow someone like you in.
And that's really saying something considering who's actually in.
MELIA: She's right. Incidentally, what gives you the right to terrorize innocent people?
You're nothing but a dictator and a fraud, Angie.
And we've come here to take you down.
CERA: You insolent little wench!
ANGIE: That's enough, Cera.
CERA: Y-Yes, Lady Angie.
ANGIE: You three throw "you're this, you're that", but what about yourselves?
MELIA: What?
ANGIE: Cera, the book.
CERA: Of course, Lady Angie.
ANGIE: Let's see here... Ah yes, let's start with you, Veronica Vasile.
VENAM: Y-You know my full name?! Are you stalking me?
ANGIE: It says here that you are incredibly bold, brave, and courageous.
Conversely, you are a coward. Brutal, fraudulent, treacherous and conniving.
If the things you say about me are true, then you are no better than I, correct?
VENAM: W-Where are you getting this from?
ANGIE: You took the job of fixing the warp pads around the jungle for your own benefit.
The only reason why you even gave up that money was because of Melia's moral.
VENAM: ...
ANGIE: As for Melia. It says here that you are a leader, strong, caring, and intelligent.
But you also bring upon a facade that only those close to you can see past.
The face of a scared and helpless girl. Nothing but fear and cowardice lies beneath.
After all, you brought \PN all this way to gain badges so that they can accompany you on Valor Mountain.
Completely disregarding the possibility that they may not want to in the first place.
Your entire motivation is selfish and self centered.
MELIA: Grghk...
It's... It's not true...
ANGIE: And as for \PN-
MELIA: Stop it! I don't care what that stupid book says!
You claim to be a Gym Leader, but you hold no sense of responsibility!
This isn't the way a Leader is supposed to act!
They're supposed to keep the community safe... They're supposed to-
ANGIE: Oh... ohoho...
VENAM: What?
ANGIE: Ohohahahaahahahahaha!
MELIA: What is so funny!?
ANGIE: Your ignorance is absolutely baffling!
You think that just because I'm a Gym Leader that I'm supposed to adhere to some sort of status quo?
You have the nerve to come into this church and proclaim my ignorance? Outrageous!
You are incredibly naive, Melia. All of you are.
Being a Gym Leader means nothing in the eyes of the Lord. It is simply a title. You are a regular human regardless.
People have many ideals and beliefs, but there is only one that can shine brightest.
God, our almighty savior, Arceus!
VENAM: You're... insane!
ANGIE: Perhaps I am. However, this insanity is born from the sanity that is Arceus!
Veronica!
VENAM: It's Venam!
ANGIE: Melia, \PN!
Show me your darkness so that I may bring you light!
MELIA: A Dimensional Rift!
VENAM: Kyaaaaahhhh!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
VENAM: That piano is super loud. At least it sounds nice.
This one looks like Alex!
Looks like someone's tea is getting cold.
Angie's tea is completely frozen...
There's a chunk of ice separated from the tea.
Take it?
MELIA: I wish I had the time to learn piano more thoroughly.
It's such a beautiful instrument.
Yes
No
[Map338]
VALARIE: This ice is pretty darn solid. There's not even a scratch on it.
KREISS: That's because she's encased in Never-Melt Ice.
It's commonly used to power up Ice-Type moves.
VALARIE: Yeah, I've got a couple back home. I thought it was just a held item.
KREISS: Never-Melt Ice is really rare. It doesn't form naturally.
This ice cannot be destroyed under normal circumstances.
VALARIE: What are the abnormal circumstances?
KREISS: Well, that would be-
MELIA: Urgh...
VENAM: M-Melia!
MELIA: What happened to me? Where are we?
MELIA: ...!
Angie's frozen in ice...!
VENAM: Valarie froze her right before she was about to kill us.
VALARIE: She was too focused on you three. I just took the opportunity.
Melia, you should be grateful to be Venam's friend. It looks like she was carrying you the entire time.
MELIA: You did that... for me?
VENAM: Of course I did! I couldn't just leave you.
MELIA: Th-Thank you!
VENAM: Heh, it was no problem. It's a shame we never got that badge though, huh?
MELIA: Screw the badge... It's not worth dying for.
KREISS: You guys came all this way for a badge?
Did you not know how dangerous Angie was?
Risking your life for a measly badge was idiotic and irresponsible.
Your life is far more important than a piece of cheap metal.
VENAM: Don't yell at her like that, okay? You don't know the circumstances!
KREISS: No, I don't. In fact, I don't care about it.
But I gotta admit, if you kids weren't so stupid I'd be dead by now.
So I'm going to give you this.
\PN received the Glacier Badge!
KREISS: Take this as well.
VENAM: What? Where did you get that badge?!
KREISS: Wouldn't it be appropriate for the Ice Gym Leader to have this badge?
MELIA: You're a Gym Leader?
KREISS: Of Neverwinter Gym.
I got word of someone impersonating me in Kristiline Town. I confronted Angie and then...
Well, you know the rest.
VENAM: Huh...? Guess this was all worth it in the end.
KREISS: Hey, and while you're at it, take this too.
Valarie received the Ocean Relic!
VALARIE: Where did you get this?!
KREISS: It was couped up in that cell with me.
We shared stories and bonded over the idea of freezing to death.
But we got into a fight and we're getting a divorce.
VALARIE: O-Okay...
KREISS: Anyway I'm cold, and I'm out.
VALARIE: You're just going to leave like that?
KREISS: It's cold, and this old man's back hurts like crazy. I wanna go to bed.
VENAM: Old man? That's a bit of an exaggeration.
KREISS: I guess I'm technically not an old timer yet, but 56 is close enough.
VALARIE: You're 56 years old?!
KREISS: I'll be seein' ya.
Oh, and \PN. That badge is only temporary. When you come to Neverwinter I want a real fight.
MELIA: H-Hey, can we leave? I'm starting to feel really dizzy...
VALARIE: Yeah, let's get out of here.
VENAM: Is it okay for us to just leave Angie there?
VALARIE: Well, like Kreiss said, this ice won't break under normal circumstances.
As long as she's encased in ice, I doubt she'd be able to cause anymore trouble.
VENAM: If you say so.
VENAM: I-It's so... It's so cold...
VENAM: Ugh, my head... \PN is that you?
Where the hell are we? Weren't we just in Angie's church with-...
Oh God, where's Melia? She was just here!
C'mon... she could be anywhere. We need to start looking!
VENAM: Melia! Thank God you're all right!
VENAM: Melia, are you all right? You're not hurt or anything, right?
...Melia?
ANGIE: Predictable. Unfortunately predictable.
What is it about people that allows them to be lured and deceived so easily?
It's incredibly... distasteful.
That aside, welcome to the Tower of Theolia.
Know that your ideals only shine through if you make it that way.
As for your companions, they are safe... for now.
They are stashed away deep within the corridors in the tower.
If your ideals truly shine through most, prove it. Face me within those rooms and rescue your friends.
Until then, farewell \PN.
CERA: ... Finally.
At last, our time has come. Lady Angie.
Thanks to those wretched children, your reawakening was delayed.
But I am finally here and no one can stop me.
CERA: You know, I've forgotten how annoying it is to travel by foot.
Without Deborah and Esther, I was unable to use the power of your flyers.
It was quite a hindrance indeed.
Luckily enough for me, the Magma Stone is still warm enough to complete the job.
And without further ado.
Lady Angie...
Awaken!
CERA: Welcome back, Angie.
ANGIE: ...Huh?
Quite a good amount of time has passed.
How long have I been out, Cera?
CERA: That does not matter, Angie. What does-
CERA: ...!
ANGIE: Cera, let's make something abundantly clear...!
I ask the questions, you provide the answer! Is this understood?
CERA: L-Lady Angie... I....
ANGIE: You're... not listening, Cera... you know what happens to people who disobey me!
Now let me ask one final time.
How long. Have I... been out? Simple question, really.
CERA: I'd say you've been out for a couple weeks.
ANGIE: A couple weeks, huh.
Is that so? Well then, we have much to do. We're so behind on everything.
CERA: Lady Angie, all the other servants have either fled, or have been killed in the process of freeing you.
But I, Cera, your most loyal servant is here to do whatever you wish.
ANGIE: I know, Cera. I know.
CERA: What shall we do now? Restart what we've started with Kristiline?
ANGIE: Mmm... no. I have just decided that this town is a lost cause. Irreversible, if you will.
No, I have my sights set high. Higher than it's always been.
Let this town rot. I couldn't care less.
But before we do, I think it's time to call upon an old friend.
Their dimension form won't do us any good, will it?
Awaken, my darling pet!
Cast away this world and revert to your physical form!
???: RRUUUU....!
VENAM: Looks like we're outside again.
We're so high up already... Looking down at the ground is just so...
I... I don't even wanna acknowledge it.
ACHOO!
Goddamnit, it's so damn cold... I miss Terajuma already...
Speaking of which, where are we?! This can't be Terajuma Island anymore...
I can't even see the ocean. It's just one endless stream of trees.
VENAM: Whoa, whoa, whoa...! Why did the tower just shake?
Wh-Why did the entire tower just rumble? Th-That can't be good, right? Shit!
Grrr, of course it would do that as soon as I look over the edge!
Let's just keep going.
[Map339]
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
[Map340]
[Map341]
???: Hey, you two! Yeah, you two! Over here!
VENAM: What the?! Who the hell are you?
???: The name's Kreiss. You gotta get me outta here!
I've been trapped here for quite some time... I don't really feel like being here anymore.
VENAM: Um, excuse you? I don't have to do anything.
KREISS: Don't be that way! Let me out this instant!
Do you think I'm dangerous or something?
VENAM: Considering what we've been through and where we are? Hell yes.
KRIESS: Touch. Whatever, let's put our useless animosity aside for the time being, all right?
We can't afford to be enemies when there's a bigger evil out there. As you may have already noticed.
VENAM: Ugh, I don't care about all of that. All I care about is getting \PN, Melia and myself out of here.
KREISS: Where do you expect to go?! I don't know if you've realized this, but we're not in Kristiline Town.
This place, this world? It doesn't exist. It's all a part of Angie. I don't know how she did it or why...
But the more we stay here the worse it's going to be.
VENAM: \PN, what should we do?
He could be a trap placed by Angie to trick us. Isn't his placement kind of convenient?
It's possible the moment we let him out, he'll try and attack.
He could also just be someone who had shitty luck and is in the same situation we're in.
Your call.
VENAM: All right. Let's free him from this prison.
Hey, Kreiss. Today's your lucky day, man.
You're about to be let go early for good behavior.
KREISS: Oh wow. I am overwhelmed with happiness. Please just get me out of here.
KREISS: Thanks for freeing me back there. I'll make it up to you someday.
But I think it would be appropriate to give you something now, so...
Why don't you take this as thanks?
KREISS: You need 7 badges to use this, but eh, it's good enough.
VENAM: Parting gift?
KREISS: Yes, parting gift as in this is where we part!
See ya!
VENAM: Hey wait!
...
Ugh, what a waste of time. C'mon, \PN.
VENAM: Agreed. We shouldn't take the risk.
Sorry Kreiss, but we're outta here.
KREISS: So you're just going to leave me here?!
VENAM: Yessir. When we take care of Angie we might come back for you.
KREISS: "Might"?!
VENAM: Yep! Bye!
KREISS: Goddamnit, come back here!
Free him.
Let him stay.
[Map342]
Rest up and start a new day?
VENAM: So Erin didn't find Saki, Valarie, Adam, or Braixen?
I'm not one to worry, but this is starting to bug me.
How large do you think Grand Dream City is?
It's actually the largest city in the region. It's a good place to explore!
Maybe I should take some pictures for my kids! They'd love this stuff!
Have we arrived...?
SCHOOLGIRL: Mommy, mommy! Are we there yet?!
CLERK: Sit down! SHUT UP!
SCREEEEEE!!!
Who does this child even belong to?!
What's your business on this train, huh? Huh? Huh? Won't you tell me?
Aw... I guess it doesn't really matter.
I'm on the train because I want to visit the Scholar District!
A book a day keeps the stupid away!
The doors are closed while the train is moving, obviously. So you're not allowed past this point.
Unless you actually want to jump off the train- in which case you're insane, bud.
Locked.
KANON: I wonder what I should get? The custard filled donut or the chocolate chip pancake?
Hey, you look tough... Care for a battle?
Yikes, I didn't want to get utterly destroyed!
Looks like there's a lot left for me to learn...
OFFICER: Zz....z...
I'm going to become strong enough to be a Gym Leader in Grand Dream City!
I'll have to train more before I get to GDC!
One day I'll be a Gym Leader! Just you wait!
FLORIN: I can't wait to be back in the city.
There are so many things I have to report to Cassandra.
Maybe we can finally find some peace in our city.
FLORIN: I can't believe my own sister was Bladestar.
Who can I really trust anymore?
KRYSTAL: Hello again, \PN. Are you trying to burn time by talking to me?
We should be arriving in Grand Dream City quite soon. Are you excited?
I've been there quite a few times, actually. Not on my own, but with family members.
There's so much to do and see there! I'm sure you'll have a great time.
KRYSTAL:\ts[1] ...?
KRYSTAL: Oof... I think I'm going to head back to my room now. Feeling a bit sick.
Excuse me, please.
KRYSTAL: ...!
KRYSTAL: No, not another vision...!
...
Oh no...
We have to stop this train right now!
KRYSTAL: Hello? Open up right now! This train needs to stop!
Why won't they open up? Can't they<i> hear</i> me?
Fine, I'll just have to do things myself then.
You may want to brace yourself, \PN. This may get a little rough.
Aura!
I'm stopping this train. Right... NOW!
KRYSTAL: Phew... that was a close one.
\PN, meet me outside. I'll show you what I saw.
Even though I'm quite old, I'm still a top notch trainer. Care to show me what you've learned?
I don't intend on stopping anytime soon, either.
You're never too old to be a trainer! You grow each and every day. Even at my age!
Little kids just need to sit down and SHUT UP! I'm not your mother!
FLORA: Hey, thanks for trusting me.
I promise you that everything is going to work out just fine.
All you gotta do is trust me...
FLORA: Once we're back in the city... You know what?
It's not worth talking about.
But we have to be there soon, right Mommy?
OFFICER: I can't wait to get back to the Judicial District.
It's been a long time.
You talked to me? With such a weak voice... I can teach you how to have a better voice.
Do you want a better voice?
Hyper Voice will be 4 Red Shards...
Thank you, and come again when your voice weakens...
Sorry, but you don't have enough shards.
Come again!
There's this huge Botanical Garden in Grand Dream City.
That's where I want to go the most!
Being underneath water is cool and all, but I can't help but feel a little scared...
There's no air down here!
Why did the train stop so abruptly? We can't be there yet?
*Attention passengers, we have finally reached Grand Dream Station.
Thank you for choosing the Grand Express as your method of travel, and we wish you the best.*
KRYSTAL: Ah, hello again \PN.
Seems like we're underwater now.
Wouldn't it be beautiful to be an aquatic Pokemon? You can just drift with the sea.
No worries about anything in particular. You'd practically be free.
MELIA: This is a nice train isn't it? It's quite cozy.
This is probably the most relaxed I'm going to be for a while, so I'm going to take advantage of it.
Does Grand Dream City have any mountains? If not, I don't wanna go!
Turn this train around, now!
Marine Tube? Who cares about that garbage?
Why'd the train stop so suddenly? I've got places to be!
VENAM: Sup, \PN. Have a seat.
VENAM: Listen, I wanna apologize for just now.
I will admit that I was being a dick and you had every reason to be annoyed.
How about we forget that happened over a can of soda?
VENAM: Aye, cheers! Let's have a drink then!
VENAM: Tch... Why do I event try with you sometimes?
VENAM: Something's bothering me about this case down in GDC.
Such a big crisis going on and none of us have even heard of it.
Who would even do that to someone? It's sick... And not in the good way.
When I find the person responsible, I'm going to make heads roll.
???: I might have to join you on that endeavor.
VENAM: Huh? Oh, yeah, please do. The more the merrier, or something.
???: ... Wait, haven't we met before?
VENAM: Me? I don't think we have.
???: No, not you. Uh, what was it again...? Oh come on... it's... \PN! Isn't it?
Yes, that's right! We met inside Amethyst Cave. With the Solrock and Lunatone.
What was the name I told you to call me...? Sorry, I don't remember what it was.
So just call me Krystal, okay?
VENAM: Do you change your name often or something?
KRYSTAL: Unfortunately, I do, but not for fun... I uh, have to keep myself incognito.
That's about all I'm willing to talk about on that subject, though.
VENAM: Um, okay?
KRYSTAL: Now that we put that aside...
???: I look forward to the day.
By the way, my name is Krystal.
VENAM: I'm Venam, and this is my good friend \PN.
KRYSTAL: It's a pleasure to meet you both.
Why are you two going to Grand Dream City? Want a new life?
VENAM: Uh no, we're not exactly on vacation or anything...
We're also here with two other people. We've got business.
KRYSTAL: I see... I'm not going to Grand Dream City for any particular reason...
I suppose I just have to keep moving at all times.
Well, that may be the case, but I sometimes don't go through with it.
I spent quite some time in Amethyst Cave looking for something trivial.
Thankfully \PN came to the rescue on that request. They were my hero!
It's a shame no one came to help. I think I was on the verge of discovery.
"BREAKING NEWS!"
"Another victim to this stone-cold phenomenon has just been discovered!
This time it seems that the Flying-Type Gym Leader, Talon, has been turned to stone!
The Flying-Type Gym Leader was found in the middle of Amber Park completely lifeless.
No further information has been disclosed to us.
We will report more when more information is given. Thank you for watching!"
VENAM: ...
KRYSTAL: That's quite the target...
I guess things really are starting to get serious.
VENAM: I just don't understand it! Who the hell would turn people to stone?!
KRYSTAL: There are some cruel people in this world, Venam. Cruel, cruel people.
VENAM: Why isn't anyone doing anything about it? This is some serious shit, dude.
It makes me wonder where the Champion is. Why aren't they helping?!
KRYSTAL: The Champion? I'm... I'm sure whoever they are, they're doing their best.
VENAM: I seriously doubt it, Krystal. Things have been going on, and let me tell you...
The champion has done absolutely nothing to help out people who need it.
KRYSTAL: ...Maybe the Champion can't do anything about it.
VENAM: If they can't do anything then they have no right to be the champion.
KRYSTAL:\ts[1] I suppose you're right.
No, you're totally right!
If they're the Champion then they're supposed to be extremely powerful, right?
I bet this kind of issue would be child's play for them.
It's uh, getting a little late... I should head back to my room.
It was nice seeing you again, \PN!
It was nice meeting you both!
VENAM: Welp, I think I'm going to just chill here for a little while.
You can go on and do whatever you please.
*Attention passengers, this is your conductor speaking!
We are about to delve underwater and into the Marine Tubes.
Please do not be alarmed in the sudden change of environment.
Enjoy the view and the rest of your ride on the Grand Express!
VENAM: You heard the guy. Enjoyyy the rest of your ride on the Grand Express.
I totally plan to.
VENAM: If you're done for the day, go see what's happenin' with Melia and Kanon.
I'm sure they're bored or something.
KANON: I'm excited to be here. It's like I'm exploring a whole different place with the same name!
I've come all the way from Lilycove City. It's a nice place, but I wanted to find inspiration elsewhere!
I was thinking about painting the world beneath the waves, but I can hardly see my canvas...
TRAIN STOP! PLEASE!
MELIA: Kanon seems to be enjoying himself. I guess you don't really see this stuff in the past.
Aside from that there isn't really much else to do on this train so...
If you're ready to call it a day, you can go ahead and rest on the bed there.
???: ...
We're going to pass through Route 7, right? Good. I didn't want to waste my time anyway!
The dim blue lights, the sounds of water swishing around us... It's so romantic~!
What a rough arrival... That's not romantic at all!
KANON: This is really amazing! I can't believe how awesome this is!
VENAM: Hey, got a couple refreshments from the concession stand.
VENAM: One for me, and one for Kanon, \PN, and one for Melia.
KANON: Oh... You didn't need to, but I appreciate it nonetheless.
MELIA: Yeah, that was so nice of you!
VENAM: Don't worry 'bout it! I just happened to feel generous today.
Besides, after everything we went through recently, I thought it'd be nice.
VENAM: Heh. Like I said, no problem. Just doing somethin' nice for a buddy.
VENAM: Then don't drink it. Feed it to your Pokemon, or something.
They're made so that they can be consumed by human and Pokemon, so.
VENAM: Okay... I was just trying to do something nice.
MELIA: Yeah, \PN, that was kind of unnecessary.
Even if you didn't ask for it, you don't need to be so rude.
VENAM: One for me, and one for you, Melia.
MELIA: Thanks, Venam, but... What about Kanon and \PN?
VENAM: Come back to me when money grows on trees.
MELIA: Uh...
I'm so sorry about that, \PN. Please, take mine.
VENAM: H-Hey!
MELIA: No complaints! Next time don't be so rude!
VENAM: F-Fair enough. Guess I was just tunnel visioning. Sorry, \PN.
MELIA: Thanks, Venam!
VENAM: Oops, sorry. Maybe next time.
KANON: I would've liked a beverage too...
VENAM: You're gonna need to get your own wallet and pay for it yourself.
KANON: Y-Yeah! What about us? We're in need of refreshments too!
VENAM: Sorry, jeez. Next time, I promise.
MELIA: Please.
\sh\c[7]VENAM: What did you just say?
MELIA: \PN, that was so rude!
VENAM: I should kick \PN's ass for that.
MELIA: Venam, you need to calm down as well!
Only just off on our trip to Grand Dream City and things are already getting heated!
VENAM: Next time don't let that piece of shit talk to me like that.
KANON: Enough already...
VENAM: Yeah, sorry.
MELIA: Alright...
So, Grand Dream City, eh?
It's supposed to be some huge city. Are we really gonna make any ground there?
MELIA: It is a big city, but this stone phenomenon is a huge crisis.
I'm sure we'll find something of note. Karrina wouldn't send us if we wouldn't.
VENAM: Hm...
Well, anyway... I'm still kinda thirsty so I'm gonna head back and buy another soda.
MELIA: Okay! I'm gonna stay here and relax for a little while.
KANON: I think I'll begin reading more about this time period.
I don't wish to be a fish out of water for too long.
VENAM: Flip-flop.
LICKITUNG: Licki!
LICKITUNG: T-Tung...?
There was this person on this train that tried to teach me how to "have a better voice".
But my voice is cool, right? I don't need to improve!
MELIA: Can't say I particularly enjoy long travel times on these kind of things.
I think I prefer going by foot because it gives me the illusion that I'm being productive.
On trains and ships you just kinda sit around and wait. Not my thing, you know?
MELIA: So apparently Krystal sent Kanon somewhere.
She wouldn't even tell me where. I wish Kanon would've spoken to me about this.
ERIN: Oh, excuse me. I thought this cabin was empty.
MELIA: Oh, Erin! You're going to take the Grand Express with us after all?
ERIN: Yeah, Krystal gave me her ticket.
She said she didn't need it anymore. Lady Luck truly shined her luck on me today, hasn't she?
Pfft... Give me a break.
Mind if I stay here?
MELIA: Oh, uh, yeah... Of course.
ERIN: I can't believe I'm in this situation.
MELIA: You mean Aelita, correct?
ERIN: Yeah, her.
Hey, you guys said you knew her before?
Was she always stupid and reckless?
MELIA: I wouldn't call her stupid, but she-
ERIN: Say no more, I get the picture.
She's always been a troublemaker.
???: W-Wait for me!
MELIA: Kanon!
KANON: H-Hello, I am here!
KANON: ...Hey, nice hair!
ERIN: Thanks, you too.
MELIA: Kanon, where have you been?
If you got here any later, the train would've taken off without you.
KANON: I know... I'm sorry, but Krystal really wanted me to do something.
MELIA: What did Krystal want you to do?
KANON: It was really weird, but she said I had "The Dragon's Potential".
MELIA: The Dragon's Potential...?
ERIN: Sounds like a bunch of bs, but I'll play along.
Where did you even go?
KANON: I actually don't know where I was...
MELIA: Well, clearly you wouldn't know where you were. You're not exactly...from here.
KANON: That's not what I meant. Where I was didn't look like anything around here.
I-I can't explain it.
ERIN: Then don't. It's simple. Just think about it and when you get something cohesive, then tell us.
MELIA: Looks like the train is finally moving.
ERIN: We're very close to Grand Dream City. Sit tight and we'll be there before you know it.
I'm on this train because I'm moving back home to be with my family.
Lickitung has been my amazing little companion. Isn't she so cute?
Oh my, did something serious happen?
I'll make sure Lickitung and I come up with a solution, pronto!
Yes
No
Hyper Voice
No thanks
Sounds good.
No thanks.
Thank you!
I don't like soda.
I didn't ask for this.
What about me?
What about Kanon and I?
You're gross.
[Map343]
ANGIE: You two are incredibly persistent.
... Could it be possible that your ideals mirror mine?
No, that's impossible... You are merely...
VENAM: Hardheaded and stubborn!
We've played this little game of chase, but it ends here.
ANGIE: Hmph, no matter.
Maids, do your job and occupy \PN.
This time I shall be successful.
MAIDS: Azaria, and Rebecca weren't able to stop you, but we shall not fail.
VENAM: Fine, you wanna play? Let's play.
This... is the end... isn't it?
I shall enter eternal slumber now...
MAIDS: It seems we have failed as well. How concerning.
ANGIE: You both have done well. Supplying me an ample amount of time.
... But you failed your mission regardless.
Your role in this life has ended.
MAID: I am satisfied.
ANGIE: May God be with you!
MAID: Farewell, Angie.
MELIA: Ugh... what is this feeling?
This is so weird.
ANGIE: Unfortunately for you \PN, Veronica... the preparations for the ritual are complete.
The ritual shall begin now.
ANGIE: Arceus!
It is time! Time for you to take back what is yours!
Show her eternal greatness! Show her eternal life!
Show her the true way to live!
This is for you Arceus! A sacrifice in my name! Angie Theolia!
MELIA: This... such a familiar feeling.
VENAM: Angie, please! Stop!
MELIA: I've seen this before....
ANGIE: Take her now!
MELIA: No... I've experienced this before!
ANGIE: What?!
What is this resistance?!
MELIA: Urgh!
VENAM: Melia!
ANGIE: Wh-What are you doing?! How are you able to do this?!
Who... what are you?!
MELIA: Get... AWAY FROM ME!
ANGIE: Hyaah!!
VENAM: W-What happened to the light?!
VENAM: M-Melia?! Where are you?!
ANGIE: Everyone, I have exciting news! A new guest has arrived!
Let's see what's inside of her heart!
Please step forward, Melia.
MELIA: ...
ANGIE: Melia, please, show us what is in your heart.
MELIA: I... Don't want to lose everything again.
I don't want to have any friends because... they'll hold me back.
ANGIE: What about \PN, and Venam?
MELIA: I couldn't care less about them. They're a burden and I wish they'd never met me.
VENAM: Don't listen to her, \PN. Angie is making her say these things!
ANGIE: These words come from the heart. Not from me. I haven't intervened.
MELIA: Grah!! D-Don't listen to her!
You manipulative woman... Don't do that ever again!
ANGIE: Unfortunately, that was the wrong answer.
MELIA: What?!
VENAM: M-Melia!
[Map344]
Can't go back this way!
KREISS: This is what we're going to do.
We're going to hide in my cell. Angie is going to run past it trying to chase you two down.
That's when we'll jump out and strike her when she's not lookin'.
VENAM: Sounds good. I got it.
ANGIE:\ts[1] Not so fast...
ANGIE: It's quite humorous that you think I would fall for something as juvenile as an ambush.
So funny that it's slipped my mind that it's borderline insulting.
This is the end for all of you. Become my trophies and submit to my Cold Truth!
KREISS: This isn't good...
VENAM: Let's just run back!
ANGIE:\ts[1] NO MORE RUNNING AWAY. FACE MY JUDGEMENT!
VALARIE: Not today! 'Rina, Ice Beam!
KREISS: What the hell just happened?
VENAM: Guess you could say she fell for an ambush after all.
KREISS: Oi vey...
VALARIE: If it weren't so cold, I'd cringe.
Guess who came all this way to save the day?
VENAM: V-Valarie?! Man you saved our asses!
VALARIE: Not only did I do that, but look what I found!
VENAM: Th-The Water Relic! You are the MVP!
VALARIE: I found it just laying around on the top of the tower.
But that aside, how are you guys doing?
VENAM: I-I'm okay, but Melia is out cold...
But how did you know we were in trouble?
VALARIE: Intuition, I suppose. I had a really bad feeling after it started to snow in Teila Resort.
VENAM: Oh, I guess that is pretty weird. But uh... Should we go check on Angie?
VALARIE: We should. We need to make sure she's no longer able to cause trouble.
It's a good thing I came when I did. Are you all doing okay?
I-I'm okay, but Melia is out cold...
KREISS: All right, here's what we're going to do.
That's when we jump out and strike. Do you understand?
VENAM: Yeah, I got it. Let's go!
ANGIE: Not. So. Fast.
ANGIE: What's all this about an ambush?!
As if I'd fall for something so barbaric!
This is the end for all of you! You'll become my trophies encased in ice!
KREISS: ... This is bad.
ANGIE: NO MORE RUNNING AWAY!
VALARIE: Not today! Lapras, Ice Beam!
KREISS: What in the hell just happened...?
VENAM: ... I guess you could say she FELL for an ambush after all.
How are you all doing down there?
VENAM: We're doing okay! Melia is still out cold, though.
How did you know we were in trouble?
VENAM: I see. Anyway, Should we scale down the tower and see if Angie is out of commission?
VALARIE: I think we should. I'll you meet you guys there!
[Map345]
Not this way!
CERA: ... Here we are, finally.
At last, our time has come. Lady Angie.
Thanks to those wretched children, your reawakening was delayed.
But I am finally here and no one can stop me.
CERA: ... Just look at you. Frozen in the middle of your own palace.
This is unforgivable. Completely and utterly unforgivable.
The time for feeling sorry for ourselves has finally ended.
You shall rise once again.
Lady Angie...
Awaken!
CERA: Welcome back, Angie.
ANGIE: ...Huh?
Quite a good amount of time has passed.
How long have I been out, Cera?
CERA: That does not matter, Angie. What does-
CERA: ...!
ANGIE: Cera, let's make something abundantly clear...!
I ask the questions, you provide the answer! Is this understood?
CERA: L-Lady Angie... I....
ANGIE: You're... not listening, Cera... you know what happens to people who disobey me!
Now let me ask one final time.
How long. Have I... been out? Simple question, really.
CERA: I'd say you've been out for a couple weeks.
ANGIE: A couple weeks, huh.
Is that so? Well then, we have much to do. We're so behind on everything.
CERA: Lady Angie, all the other servants have either fled, or have been killed in the process of freeing you.
But I, Cera, your most loyal servant is here to do whatever you wish.
ANGIE: I know, Cera. I know.
CERA: What shall we do now? Restart what we've started with Kristiline?
ANGIE: Mmm... no. I have just decided that this town is a lost cause. Irreversible, if you will.
No, I have my sights set high. Higher than it's always been.
Let this town rot. I couldn't care less.
But before we do, I think it's time to call upon an old friend.
Their dimension form won't do us any good, will it?
Awaken, my darling pet!
Cast away this world and revert to your physical form!
???: RRUUUU....!
Angie's frozen in ice.
VENAM: Melia!
VENAM: T-Thank God you're all right...
Melia...? Melia wake up...
MELIA: Urgh...
VENAM: N-No! Don't push yourself. I got this!
VENAM: Oof...!
VENAM: What the hell...? What do you carry with you, Melia?\| ROCKS? Goddamn.
C'mon, \PN. I think we're almost to the top.
The way out of here has to be there, right?
Wh-Where else is there, right?
VENAM: Wh-Whoa, oh no! I'm gonna trip!
KREISS: Oh no you don't!
VENAM: Hey wait, aren't you that guy-
KREISS: Yes, I am that guy you left behind to freeze to death.
And that very same guy is saving your ass right now.
VENAM: Um... Sorry.
KREISS: You can apologize later. What's wrong with this one?
VENAM: She passed out... She's feeling really bad.
ANGIE: WHERE ARE YOU?!
VENAM: UH... We need to go right now. Angie's chasing us!
KREISS: There's nowhere else to run. We're better off just turning on her.
I have an idea, just follow me.
VENAM: Augh!
VENAM: Urgh, I'm okay.
VENAM: C'mon, \PN. Let's move!
ANGIE: That's ENOUGH.
ANGIE: As long as you're in my world, there will be no escape for you or anyone!
You will be forever encased in a world completely made of ice.
FROSLASS: Froooausss!
ANGIE: What...? Who's there?!
ANGIE: How... how did you get out of your cell?!
KREISS: I got out because you became reckless.
Why has the tower been shaking so much? Are these kids really giving you that much trouble?
Can't keep your emotions at bay? Man, I understand completely.
But your little tantrum has cost you everything.
Would you just look at this place? Everything is out of control. Even you.
ANGIE: I am in TOTAL control!
I am so in control that I will obliterate ALL of you!
VENAM: Can you please do something about her?!
KREISS: Yeah, sorry lady, no hard feelings, but you need to go.
Right now.
Froslass, Ice Beam!
FROSLASS: Frooausss.....
Laaaasssss!
VENAM: Is... is she done?
KREISS: Yeah, I think so.
VENAM: Phew, that was too close for comfort.
VENAM: Why didn't you just stick with us when we freed you?
KREISS: Because I wanted to fight Angie myself.
It seems as though she refused to appear before me.
She wanted to fight you three.
VENAM: I see...
KREISS: Luckily for us, things worked out.
VENAM: So uh, what do we do about her?
KREISS: Any ice that's formed in this dimension is turned into Nevermeltice.
Angie is stuck in ice that never melts.
VENAM: Which means she's stuck... forever.
KREISS: Correct. I don't think she'll be causing problems anymore.
MELIA: Nnngh...
VENAM: ...Melia! She's waking up!
KREISS: Let's take her out of this place.
Just head to the top and out of the Rift.
Also, be careful when walking around.
Angie may be encased in ice, but we can't be sure if she still has control of this world or not.
VENAM: Okay, we'll be careful.
VENAM: C'mon \PN. Let's get out of here.
[Map346]
ANGIE: Get those wretched, evil, vile, disgusting things away from here...! It burns me! Get them out!
ANGIE: Y-You're back to suffer?! Maybe I'll just have to show you Arceus' power over, and over again!
ANGIE: You vermin... you...
This is completely and absolutely incomprehensible.
No one should be able to resist Arceus' divine power. No one!
You're all demons! That's exactly what you all are!
VENAM: You're the demon, Angie. You're cruel, evil and corrupted. It's pretty ironic, actually.
You're a fucking sham and you know it!
ANGIE: Arghhh! Those words... they burn my very soul!
It's getting warmer... and warmer... and I just CAN'T STAND IT.
You all... you all have done this to me. You've pushed me to my limit!
VENAM: We're done here, Angie. We're leaving and there's nothing you can do about it.
ANGIE: No... I'll never let you leave this place... in fact, I'll never let you breathe ever again!
I won't stop until you three feel the cold unbridled wrath of Arceus' Cold Truth.
It won't be just you. I'll show Kristiline Town too, then Teila Resort, then all of Terajuma...
I won't stop until this whole world is encased in Arceus' cold and unforgiving soul!
I'll freeze all of it. Nothing shall remain!
VENAM: \PN... we screwed up. We never should've come here.
We've bit off more than we can chew.
She's too unstable!
ANGIE: DIE!
No! I won't accept this! I refuse.. to lose to you!
VENAM: That's it, Angie. YOU lost. It's done.
ANGIE: After everything I've done... to be stopped by these heretic heathens.
It's... absolutely sickening... so sickening...
The temperature is beginning to rise. Soon all the snow will be gone and so shall I.
But where's the fun in going down alone?
ANGIE: Araghh!!
ANGIE: I didn't give you permission to move!
None of you will escape my wrath!
ANGIE: I'LL KILL EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOU!
VENAM: We can't just stand around and wait for her to blast us off the tower!
We can't go further either! We're just going to have to run!
ANGIE: DON'T RUN AWAY FROM ME!
CERA: You've pushed Angie to her limits, you know.
She won't listen to reason anymore. She won't even listen to me...
The person who's up there isn't the Angie I know.
But I shall remain faithful nonetheless.
I suppose it's obvious that you won't be leaving this place without a fight, yes?
For whatever reason, Angie wants me to prepare you for what's in store.
Therefore I will, regrettably, give you advice on how to defeat her.
Would you like to hear my advice?
CERA: Would you like to hear my advice?
CERA: What is it then? Hurry.
CERA: Angie's... I wouldn't call it her ace, but... a substitute ace... is Walrein.
Its bulk on this field can be surprising to some. It can deal glorious damage to unsuspecting vermin.
And as for Angie's signature move, Cold Truth... Haha...
The culmination of Angie's strength and her faith in the Lord... All in one move.
It's powerful and can subject your Pokemon to tormenting memories that leave them unable to repeat actions.
Be wary.
CERA: Angie's Field is a manipulation of the Dimensional Field. A perfect field for one as noble as her!
On this field, Ice and Dark moves are boosted in power. Fire attacks are harshly weakened.
Moves such as Flame Burst, Burn Up, and several others have the ability to melt the field into a regular Dimensional Field.
Be aware that Angie can bring back her field at any point with Cold Truth.
CERA: Hmph.
You aren't very smart, so let me remind you that Angie is a user of Ice-Type Pokemon.
Normally Fire-Type Pokemon would be enough to melt even the toughest of ice.
But the ice in this land is very different. It is comprised of nothing but Never-Melt Ice.
Therefore Fire-Type attacks won't be helping you much here.
I'd suggest using weather moves to remove Hail, as that chips off HP each turn.
If the field is changed, Angie can bring it back to her own field with Cold Truth.
This battle is doubles, so using Wide Guard may be useful here as well.
What else can I bore myself explaining... Oh, yes... The use of screen moves.
Angie uses Light Screen and Reflect. You'd do well having screen shattering moves.
CERA: You will fall.
CERA: As you wish.
VENAM: It looks like Angie is just up ahead.
The Dimensional Rift is also here. Didn't Zetta say something about those rifts being portals?
If we walk through the rift we could get out of here.
I know this sounds weird, but I think she'll let you leave if you walk up behind her.
She seems to only care about Melia. I already tried going behind her, she won't let me.
If you need to leave for whatever reason just do it and get back here as quick as possible, okay?!
If you leave us both to die in here I WILL come back for you!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
Yes
No
Angie's Ace | Sig Move
Angie's Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map347]
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
CASTFORM: Burbblebbe?
Now that Kristiline is saved, I wonder if the Kristiline Festival will begin once more?
Have you noticed our berry farms?
They're there for any trainer that needs them, so please help yourself!
The Vileplume in this region like to burrow themselves in the ground for the substantial amount of nutrients available.
However, as you may expect, this is troublesome for people who wish to travel through the jungle.
They end up blocking paths and closing off corners.
That's why the scientists here created the Spice Powder.
Sprinkle a tiny amount on top of a Vileplume's rafflesia, and they'll sprout out of the ground.
I want to investigate the altar found at the Isle of Angels.
It's very mysterious and I think secrets are held behind its origins!
Welcome to the Weather Institute!
Anyone and everyone is welcomed to walk around and visit!
...
Fascinating. They even go out of their way to meet other humans.
This will be reported.
I kinda liked the cold, though... Can that Angie woman come back?
ENGINEER: Eh? What's that? You need us for a job down by Goldenwood Forest?
Alright, you helped me before so I'll do this one for half price to repay the favor.
I'll head down there with Conkeldurr now.
ENGINEER: Hey there! Thanks for all of your help!
I got a real beating from Conkeldurr. I don't think I'll be cracking jokes like that anymore...
That being said, if you ever need my help, give me a call!
ENGINEER: Conkeldurr and I did a really good job down at the forest, didn't we?
We're proud of that job! Hopefully things will go well over there. It needs it.
There's a Safari Zone in Kakori Village. Did you know about that?
I found a Heracross there and was almost able to capture it...
ALEX: Okie dokie! Looks like this warp pad is all ready.
This pad will take us back to HQ in Kakori Village.
ALEX: See you there!
MELIA: Okay! Is everyone ready to go?
VALARIE: Yes, I am SO ready to get out of this humid jungle.
...But I guess we're technically not leaving the jungle.
BRAIXEN: Basically she's ready to go whenever.
MELIA: I'll just assume that's everyone's vote and rule it unanimous.
AELITA: Hold on a sec, I think Nim is still outside.
Niiim! We're ready to go!
NIM: S-Sorry for the wait. I'm... I'm here.
ADAM: ...
NIM:\ts[1] Oof... Urhg...
AELITA: Nim... Are you sure you're okay? You've been feeling off ever since we got to the island.
MELIA: Is there something wrong with Nim?
Should we rest a bit before we warp ourselves to HQ?
NIM: N-No, that's fine... Maybe I'll feel better once I'm out of this... stupid jungle.
It's just sea sickness, after all... I'll be okay.
BRAIXEN: Are you straining yourself somehow?
(That dark aura around her might be suggesting... )
NIM: G-Guys... I'm fine, really! Can we please just get going?
MELIA: O-Of course! I'll go first.
MELIA: Okay, here goes!
MELIA: ...?
Am I doing something wrong here? Aren't I just supposed to step on it?
VALARIE: Yeah, that's what Alex and Sam did.
Here, lemme give it a try.
MELIA: Um, sure.
VALARIE: ...
AELITA: Ooh, I saw this in a movie once! Try saying the name of the destination.
VALARIE: I'll give that a try, I guess...
Teleport pad, take me to...\| Kakori Village!
VALARIE: This means we're going to have to walk, right.
Doesn't it?
MELIA: I suppose it does.
AELITA: Well, let's look on the bright side! We were gonna come back and look for Saki anyway!
So maybe we're saving time by walking?
ADAM: I hate it when other people are right.
MELIA: I suppose it's not too bad when you think about it like that!
I guess we'll just have to...\| walk through annoying patches of grass and... \| deal with the intense heat and humidity...
EVERYONE:\ts[1] Nooooo.....
Here at the Weather Institute we study weather patterns and send our results to West Gearen.
That way West Gearen can give accurate weather reports to all of Aevium!
The Pokemon Inkay is a very strange creature.
It only evolves if you try to stop its evolution.
Is it an act of defiance, or an act of trickery?
Are you looking for someone to do some construction work for you?
Sorry, but I can't do anything until my Pokemon come around and listen to me again!
Maybe a strong trainer could whip it into shape...
ENGINEER: Are you here because of my help request? Thank you very much.
Recently my lead builder, Gurdurr, suddenly decided he didn't want to work anymore.
But I don't really understand why...
Could you go and talk to Gurdurr? He's in the yard right now.
RANGER: We've been keeping a small Pokemon sanctuary in this institute.
But lately there has been a rise in theft, and three of our Bulbasaur have been taken.
Venusaur isn't taking it very well. I hope it doesn't start to lash out...
RANGER: You're the one who answered my request, right?
Thank you so much, we can use all the help we can get.
I run a sanctuary here for this Venusaur here.
Venusaur are rare Pokemon you can't normally find in the grass in Aevium.
I wanted to introduce Bulbasaur to the environment so that I could make them a little more common.
But lately, the Bulbasaur I've bred have gone missing.
There were three of them in this pen a couple of weeks ago, and now there's only one.
I thought that they were just getting out, so I looked at the security tape and this is what I saw...
GRUNT: It looks like the rumors were true... There's a whole family of Venusaur here.
We could use these to help Team Xen's cause!
Alright c'mere little Bulbasaurs...
VENUSAUR: Venuusauuuur!
GRUNT: Oh right, I can't just take these with the momma right there.
Welp, time to take care of it then.
RANGER: As you can see... Team Xen came here during the night and took my Bulbasaur!
I'm not entirely sure why they left only one, but that's not the point.
I need you to find this person and rescue those poor Bulbasaur!
As for where they could be held up... I heard there was Team Xen activity near Valor Mountain.
Perhaps check the shack that's on the shore of Route 5?
RANGER: Try checking out the shack on the shore on Route 5.
I heard there's a lot of Team Xen activity by Valor Mountain.
RANGER: Thank you so much for saving the Bulbasaur!
Venusaur looks like she really appreciates your help!
VENUSAUR: Saaauur!
RANGER: Your reward will be waiting for you at the Help Plaza.
I think you'll like it!
"Bandit At Large!" Help request completed.
RANGER: Your reward is at the Help Plaza. I think you'll like it.
RANGER: You liked the reward, right? That's a Bulbasaur that's been bred here!
Only a matter of time until I introduce this Pokemon to the environment.
SCIENTIST: Hello! Are you here to trade me a Dunsparce?
SCIENTIST: Have you noticed all the rafflesia flowers scattered across the jungle?
These, in fact, aren't actual rafflesia, but Vileplume.
While it isn't wrong for Vileplume to make the jungle their home, they create many problems for the residents of Terajuma.
Scientists here at the institute have created a specific powder for the Vileplume, but I only think this is a temporary solution.
I believe there may be a slow, but gradual permanent solution.
And that, my dear Trainer, is Dunsparce.
Dunsparce are known for burrowing itself into the ground with its tail.
If we can introduce Dunsparce into the Terajuma population, I believe they'll start to give Vileplume competition.
Thus slowly repelling Vileplume away from Terajuma's soil.
That being said, Dunsparce are not native to Terajuma Island.
If you happen to have a spare Dunsparce with you, do consider donating it.
Of course, this will not be without reward. In return, we'll supply a\c[6] special Pokemon that we have created here at the lab.
SCIENTIST: Understandable. I shall wait here if you have a change of heart.
I see. This will be a great boon, thank you.
\PN traded Dunsparce for Castform!
SCIENTIST: I thank you! I shall take care of Dunsparce and make sure it's introduced to the region safely.
Who knows? Perhaps in a few years, Dunsparce will be quite common.
Oh, and do feel free to donate more if you'd like.
The more the merrier! Plus, we have an abundance of Castform to give away.
Yes
No
[Map348]
BRAIXEN: P-Please... just stop!
What do you want from us?! Why are you attacking us?!
???: ...
???: You'd think after we haven't responded to any of your questions, that you'd get the picture.
BRAIXEN: I j-just want an answer... I know I can't defeat you...
But I won't go down without a fight anyway!
???: Ah, like Beartic protecting her cubs. Determined till the very end.
An admirable trait, but I'm afraid that won't do much for you here.
???: Then how about I intervene?
BRAIXEN: Crescent...! Thank goodness!
CRESCENT: No matter where I turn... There you two are, ready to greet me.
Just how many times do I have to shoo you off...
???: Little Dahlia at it again, it seems. You know, we could ask you the same question.
Why is it that whenever we're trying to do our work, you're there to stop us?
Perhaps it's because you've already figured out what we're doing?
CRESCENT: Your words are meaningless to me.
???: Fierce as ever. Fine, then let's-
???: That's enough,\c[6] Kieran.
KIERAN: ...
???: Crescent wants to interfere some more, does she?
That's perfectly fine with me. I can use this as an opportunity to try out my new toy.
CRESCENT: New... toy?
???: Oh, it's just something I've prepared for this meeting.
CRESCENT: Something you've prepared for this meeting?
Then...?
???: I'm done talking.
BEHEEYEM: Beeehheee!
BRAIXEN: ...
I won't... let that happen again!
VALARIE: Adam, how's the old woman doing?
BRAIXEN: She said to call her Cella, Val! Don't be rude!
VALARIE: This isn't the time, Braixen! Adam, is she okay?!
ADAM: She's breathing, but she got a mean bash to the head. Out cold.
Pretty cheap of ZrrxxzzTTTT$@ to attack us from behind like that.
SAKI: I won't let you get away with hurting my friend!
VALARIE:\ts[1] We......h......a..f.......v..............
(VALARIE: My memory... it's foggy... it's faint... So faint...)
(I can't remember... That person... Is this really a dream? Or... is this a memory...)
[Map349]
[Map350]
North - Grand Dream City/Yui's Ranch.\n West - Darchlight Woods.
OSHAWOTT: Osha...!
Oshawott doesn't want to go this way.
KRYSTAL: Oh, sorry about that!
Ah, it's \PN. The one I've been looking for.
I wanted to give you this!
KRYSTAL: You have gotten so strong since the last time we've met.
I wanted to give you this in commemoration of that.
KRYSTAL: It seems like you've gotten much stronger since we first talked on the train.
ERIN: Am I interrupting something?
KRYSTAL: Oh, no. No interruption.
Hey, by chance, are you Erin?
Melia and Venam said you were coming, but you wanted to make a quick stop first.
ERIN: Yeah, I'm Erin. I had one place I wanted to visit before I came here.
Not that it matters. I'll probably be booted off the train for not having a ticket.
So I'll probably be stranded out here and die of starvation.
I'll be waiting for the Murkrow to pick off the remains of my starved corpse.
Kidding of course.
KRYSTAL: You have... a strange sense of humor.
Well anyway, I'm sure-
???: Mmmroooahh!
KRYSTAL: On second thought...
You can have my ticket, Erin.
ERIN: Uh, thanks, but why are you giving me your ticket all of a sudden?
KRYSTAL: Oh, no reason. Just a change of plans.
Uh, so, I'm gonna go now. You two have fun in Grand Dream City!
Oh, and don't worry about Kanon. He should be back any moment.
...Hopefully.
ERIN: Weirdo.
FLORA: ... Looks like the bridge is out.
So we're stuck here until this old geezer fixes the tracks.
Isn't this just fantastic?
FLORA: The bridge is out. We're going to have to sit here and be patient. I know, it's horrifying.
FLORA: So some grunts from Bladestar have taken down the bridge and sabotaged the tracks.
EARLIER than what was originally planned.
So I'm stuck here with you.
Deal with it.
Have you heard of the sad tale regarding Oblitus Town?
Isn't it just sad?
I don't remember the full tale, but it has to do with Grand Dream City running the town bankrupt.
Now the entire town is just... absent.
SAWSBUCK: Swaa?
STANTLER: Pooroof?
VENAM: ...
...Huh? Oh, sorry. I was just thinking about things.
BREEDER: Don't say anything. You needed me, didn't you?
You'll never be free from our curse.
BREEDER: We'll always be here for you.
CONDUCTOR: This is going to take a while to fix...
KRYSTAL: Well...? What's the damage?
CONDUCTOR: The damage is severe. Too severe for me to try and fix myself.
Looks like we're just going to have to stay put and wait for help to arrive.
I've contacted officials in Grand Dream City. They should be here any moment.
VENAM: How exactly are they supposed to get here?
We tried to go to Grand Dream City, but the bridge was destroyed.
CONDUCTOR: P-Pardon me?
KRYSTAL: The bridge is out as well?!
This... confirms my theory.
Someone may have sabotaged the tracks to prevent tourists from entering the city.
CONDUCTOR: S-Sabotage? Why would anyone want to do that?
MELIA: Maybe someone doesn't want people to interfere with this stone crisis?
If you cut out all entrances and exits, no one can leave or enter.
KRYSTAL: Who would go through so much effort to turn people into stone?
VENAM: You said it yourself, there are cruel people in this world.
CONDUCTOR: Regardless, this is a very serious issue.
If the train stands in this condition for too long, then we're going to be in a lot of trouble.
These trains gain their power through the electricity present in these tracks.
If the tracks are destroyed, that also means we're cut off from electricity as well.
MELIA: Which means the train is going to run out of power eventually.
CONDUCTOR: Yes, and if you all don't want to play Caveman, I suggest we find some help.
KRYSTAL: I may have someone who may help us.
There's a town just south of here called Oblitus Town.
It's a really ramshackle and beat up town, but it's where someone named Kelvin lives.
MELIA: Who is Kelvin?
KRYSTAL: He's someone who can repair these tracks for us, that's for sure.
MELIA: Okay, will you take us to him?
KRYSTAL: Uh, I'm sorry, but I cannot.
You're going to have to find him yourself. I cannot face him right now.
VENAM: First you change your name a lot, and then you go and act all suspicious?
You sure you aren't a criminal on the run?
MELIA: Venam.
VENAM: What?
KANON: Forgive her, she's barbaric.
VENAM: Barbaric?!
MELIA: That's enough. We're wasting time. We should just go to Oblitus Town and find Kelvin.
KRYSTAL: I'm sorry, but I've never learned your names.
MELIA: I'm Melia, and this is my friend, Kanon.
KRYSTAL: Kanon... I see...
Kanon, would you mind staying here for a bit? I have something I would like to discuss with you.
KANON: Sure?
MELIA: Right, then it's \PN, Venam and I?
The quicker we are to find this guy, the quicker we can get into the city.
KELVIN: Don't worry, I'll fix these tracks in a jiffy!
KRYSTAL: \PN, over here. Look at this.
KRYSTAL: The tracks are destroyed here.
This is what I saw. I saw the train take a turn and then... well...
Let's just say that it's a good thing I prevented the train from driving over this.
The obvious bad news is that we're stuck.
MELIA: Well that's inconvenient.
Luckily, we're not too far from Grand Dream City.
In fact, it should only take a small amount of time to get there by foot if we walk up north.
KRYSTAL: Mhm. That's right.
VENAM: If that's the case then let's keep movin', folks.
KRYSTAL: She's a patient one.
MELIA: She's something, that's for sure.
KRYSTAL: I suppose I'll stay here and try to figure out a solution to this problem.
You go on ahead. We'll meet again very soon.
Oh, and \PN? That thing that happened with the glowy eyes and golden aura?
Let's keep that our little secret, okay?
KRYSTAL: I wonder what caused these tracks to become so damaged?
One could argue that it was tampered by wild Pokemon, but I think otherwise.
The Pokemon around here are very docile. They just don't attack things for the sake of attacking.
The tracks are also electrified. If they tried to touch the tracks they would get a wholesome shock!
This is just so concerning.
KRYSTAL: We may be here a little longer than anticipated...
KRYSTAL: You see... here's the deal.
KRYSTAL: Looks like the tracks are being fixed as we speak.
KRYSTAL: Oh my... that was certainly something.
West - Darchlight Woods. South East - Oblitus Town.
KANON: Hm...
MELIA: Things aren't looking good. It looks like they can't fix the tracks...
MELIA: \PN! Where have you been?!
VENAM: We've been looking all over for you!
FLORA: They were with us.
FLORIN: Correct, we've been through quite a bit, but we're fine now.
MELIA: Nevermind that. We found Kelvin and he's going to fix the tracks as soon as possible.
We're just going to have to wait a little while.
Speaking of waiting, where's Kanon?
KRYSTAL: Oh, Kanon? I sent him off somewhere. He shouldn't take long.
MELIA: You did? Hopefully he's all right by himself.
FLORA: I was looking forward to getting back to my gym, but it seems like that was too good to be true.
MELIA: Gym...? Are you a Gym Leader?
FLORA: Uh, yeah. I am.
MELIA: Did you know that \PN is taking on the league?
If you're just going to wait until the tracks are fixed, why not have a battle with \PN?
FLORA: I did promise this runt a battle, didn't I?
All right, fine. I'll battle you, but only because I promised.
Do you remember where we fell in Darchlight Woods?
Meet me in the area before that. That's where we'll have our battle, all right?
FLORA: Sigh, I suppose I can do that.
I have nothing better to do with my time, anyway.
Do you remember where we fell in Darchlight Woods, \PN?
You better hurry up. I won't be there forever!
MELIA: I suppose since we have nothing to do as well, we can go and cheer you on.
Right, Venam?
VENAM: ...Huh? Oh, yeah, sure.
MELIA: Right, we'll meet you there.
MELIA: There you are, \PN! We've been worried about you.
VENAM: Yeah, where exactly have you been?
FLORA: They were with us. Unfortunate, I know.
MELIA: By the way, \PN. Who's your friend here?
FLORA: We're not friends.
MELIA: Okay. That aside, has anyone seen Kanon?
FLORA: H-Huh? What the hell is this?
OFFICER: Flora, Gym Leader of the Dream District, you are hereby under arrest for affiliation with Bladestar.
FLORA: What?! How did you-
FLORIN: I told them.
FLORA: Florin?! You called the cops on me?!
FLORIN: As a city official, it was my duty and obligation to bring you to justice, Flora.
Not only have you endangered the lives of GDC's citizens...
But you have also betrayed and thorougly abused our trust with your title as Gym Leader.
Therefore, under the law, I hereby strip you of your status.
As the reserve of the Grass gym, I shall take on any duty you have failed to accomplish.
FLORA: You don't know what you're doing, Florin. You're so goddamn naive.
Me? Endanger the citizens? Hah, you've got it all wrong, bud.
If you think this is the end, then you've seriously underestimated me.
You may have won the battle, but I will win the war.
FLORA: As for the traitor.
I trusted you and you threw me under the bus.
I won't forget this, \PN. I won't.
FLORA: As for you, \PN.
I want you to think about what you've done. You won't know the gravity of it yet...
But when it all crumbles to pieces you'll have no one else to blame but yourself.
And I hope you rot in that pain of self grief. Knowing that you've screwed all of us.
MELIA: Well, that just happened.
FLORIN: Apologies. I had to take care of that before she tried anything tricky.
I know my sister enough, trust me.
VENAM: You called the cops on your own sister? Hardcore.
FLORIN: Yes, well, I didn't want to, but it was necessary.
MELIA: This is unfortunate. She told me she was a Gym Leader a few moments ago.
I was going to ask her to battle \PN, but I guess that's not possible anymore.
FLORIN: Well, like I said before, I am the reserve leader for Grass types.
Therefore, following the arrest of the original leader, that makes me the current Grass leader.
It will be a while before these tracks are going to be fixed.
We could battle while the repairs are going on.
VENAM: Sounds good to me.
FLORIN: Great, then we shall battle inside of Darchlight Forest.
\PN, do you remember where we met? With the pitfall trap?
I will meet you in the area before that.
MELIA: I suppose we'll go with you and cheer for \PN.
Suddenly the atmosphere here isn't quite comforting.
FLORIN: Let's hurry. I wish to get back as soon as possible.
KANON: I... I see...
"Oblitus Town".
Halt! In the name of love!
You just can't stop a beating heart.
That look in your eyes. I know you'll one day be back for more.
VENAM: This is just getting on my nerves now! What do you mean you can't fix the goddamn tracks?!
FLORIN: Turns out the bridge is destroyed.
So for the time being I guess we're stuck until the tracks are fixed.
This isn't Terajuma, but I still like to protect the citizens of Aevium everywhere!
You must not appreciate the works of a Pokemon Ranger!
Appreciate us more! I demand it!
Have you been to Yui's Ranch? The Moomoo Milk they sell there is delicious!
...If that's the case, asking if you've been there doesn't make much sense, does it?
Yes
No
[Map351]
MELIA: Where can this person be? I've looked everywhere...
Maybe he went into the forest that's west from here?
Spend time with Melia?
MELIA: Looking for this Kelvin guy is so tiring...
Hey, \PN? How about we take a break from looking?
MELIA: Sigh... After everything, I was hoping we'd get some kind of break.
But that would be too easy, wouldn't it?
I was actually getting a bit hyped to visit Grand Dream City again.
I was only seven when I was there last. I bet things have changed a lot.
MELIA: I don't remember that much about the reason we went, truthfully.
I think my Dad had something he had to take care of or something.
Most of the time he just pulled me around to different offices and stuff.
I didn't hate all of that though. I got to see some crazy Pokemon I never knew existed!
There was this one person who had a freakin' Flygon.
I know a lot about Flygon now, but when I was small I was so astonished by it.
It had these cool wings and goggle like eyes...
For a long time I've wanted a Flygon, but Desert based Pokemon are rare in this region.
MELIA: Hm... Not really? I mean, I've always wanted to go back to see what it was like.
It's like...
I've been to this city before, but I don't really remember anything about it.
Yet there's still this nostalgic thing about it that drives me insane.
Half of me is like "It's probably just some regular city, it's not that big of a deal."
And then the other half is just like "I NEED TO GO BACK. I NEED TO GO BACK."
MELIA: I got a little carried away there...
Anyway, despite not remembering that much about the city, I will always remember one thing...
MELIA: Yeah! That's where I got my first Pokemon!
I was playing in a park when I saw this Pokemon egg out in the open.
I waddled over there and touched the egg. The moment I did, it started to hatch!
When Togepi finally came around, I was the first thing it saw.
I think it thought I was its mother or something. It wouldn't let go of me!
And what was weirder was that this Togepi had a different color scheme altogether!
I've never seen a Togepi in my life before this, so I had no idea, but...
When Jenner saw it, he freaked out so hard and told me everything there is to know about Shiny Pokemon.
For a long time I've become obsessed with them.
To the point where I would actively look for them while I was out doing research.
That's how my original team came together. The one you saw at Goldenwood Forest...
MELIA: Spacea and Tiempa took them away from me and gave them to Irvin.
They told me that I needed to start from scratch, but I begged them to let me at least have Hapi.
It's not that I don't love my current team right now, but I miss my original guys...
Buneary, Stufful, and Eevee... I hope I'll see you all again one day.
MELIA: ...Do you even have to ask that? Of course I miss them...
I miss them with my entire being each and every day.
They were some of my first Pokemon. We had so many experiences together.
But then suddenly they were just... taken away from me.
If I'm honest, I sort of resent Spacea and Tiempa slightly because of that.
Why do I have to start from scratch? My Pokemon were more than just Pokemon. They were my family...
MELIA: What? I don't remember the food in the slightest...
I mean there was a food truck that sold a lot of fried things that were good.
Somehow they managed to fry ice cream, and that was kinda weird.
But that's not really what I was going for..
Anyway, that's all the time we should spend resting.
We gotta get back to finding this Kelvin person.
Let's get back to it!
MELIA: Thanks for spending time with me, \PN!
Now I have the motivation and energy to find this Kelvin person!
Let's give this everything we've got!
???: ... And you're sure you got notice of the corruption spreading to this area?
???: Yes, I'm absolutely certain. Would I lie to you, brother?
???: All right, if you say so. I trust you.
Stay close to me. I don't want you getting lost in here by yourself.
???: I can handle myself, but I appreciate your concern.
GIRL: Did you hear about Talon?
BOY: No? What happened to Talon?
GIRL: He was found completely encased in stone at Amber Park!
BOY: W-What? No way. Why are people just turning to stone?
GIRL: Who knows? It's only happening in Grand Dream City too.
Nowhere else has reported cases of this!
Well, except for one recent case in Terajuma Island.
BOY: You don't think this is some kind of sickness, right?
GIRL: No, but I think we should watch our backs from now on.
LUCK: Huh? Didn't expect to find you all the way out here.
I was done with the city life so I decided to come out here to the country.
I get bored easily, so I wouldn't be surprised if I moved somewhere else in a day or two.
Luck hired me to stand right here and block anyone from getting in!
Sounds like an easy job to me!
DODRIO: Sqwauk!!!!!
The Badlands used to be this place devoid of life, but the Grass Gym Leader, Flora, is working to restore it.
She restored quite a bit actually, but out of nowhere the flora she restored became corrupted.
So now the place is just this... mess.
Darchlight Woods has a spooky legend about it.
Legend says if you get lost in the forest, all of your memories will be taken from you.
That's why I haven't stepped foot in that place. More hardcore trainers still go through there for fun, though.
Are you heading to Darchlight Woods?
You better be careful out there! It could be dangerous!
You seem to be competent enough to not get lost, so I'll leave exploring the woods to you.
I decided to go out on a stroll, but then I got lost on this route.
What am I going to do...
"Darchlight Woods".
Yes
No
Why'd you visit?
Do you miss it?
Hapi?
The food?
Where are they?
Do you miss them?
[Map352]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Whoa, what happened here? Do you see this?
The earth is scorched! What the heck happened??
"Honec Woods | Honey Paradise!"
There was a huge explosion here a few days ago and now there's a crater in the ground!
Did you take a look at it? It's really mysterious.
I wonder what caused it to be there...
SAWSBUCK: Swaa?
STANTLER: Pooroof?
VENAM: ...
VENAM: Isn't this... Saki's invention?
...
MELIA: What in the world is this?
FLORA: I remember walking past this, but I didn't pay much attention to it.
FLORIN: This must've happened recently. I've been out here a few weeks back and this was not here.
\PN, you know exactly what this is right?
I know you do because we saw this thing in action together.
This is one of Saki's contraptions.
FLORA: Saki? You mean the Steel type Gym Leader?
VENAM: Yeah. Saki was riding this when she was on Valor Mountain.
The last time I saw Saki was on this thing.
So if this is here then...
MELIA: Saki may be nearby?
VENAM: Not only Saki, but Valarie, Adam, and Braixen.
Didn't Crescent say they were bringing Aelita to some healer or something?
If that's the case, Aelita was here as well.
MELIA: Perhaps Saki's machine malfunctioned and it crashed?
VENAM: As much as I love teasing Saki for her dumb inventions, they don't usually malfunction.
MELIA: Are you trying to say someone did this?
VENAM: Maybe... yeah.
FLORIN: Hold on, did you say Aelita?
Didn't Erin mention that she was separated from her friend named Aelita?
FLORA: Now that you mention it, yeah she did.
FLORIN: Perhaps she may know what happened here?
MELIA: Where is this Erin?
FLORA: She said she was going to look for Aelita again. I presume she is in Darchlight Woods again.
VENAM: Well I'm gonna go look for her.
MELIA: I'll go with you. I'd like to find some answers myself.
FLORA: You three can go do that. I'm going back to the train.
FLORIN: I shall return as well, but I wish you luck.
MELIA: Let's make our way to Darchlight Woods.
FLORIN: Saki? Isn't that the Steel-type Gym Leader?
\PN, didn't Erin mention something about looking for her friend, Aelita?
Could they, per chance, be the same person?
MELIA: Aelita isn't exactly a common name, and the fact that there's one around here is even more suspicious.
Where is Erin?
FLORIN: I believe she went back to Darchlight Woods to look for Aelita.
FLORIN: I would like to go with you, but I must return to the train.
Good luck to you all, and I hope you do find your friend.
Feel free to visit my Gym whenever you get the chance.
[Map353]
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
"Kelvin's House".
OLDLADY: Oh? Are you three looking for Kelvin? He's not here at the moment.
VENAM: Weren't you standing there when we got here?
OLDLADY: Ah, yes I was.
VENAM: Well, why the hell didn't you tell us he wasn't home?!
OLDLADY: Because you Pokemon Trainers think you can just barge into people's homes without anyone's permission!
If you're going to be rude then I can be rude back!
VENAM: Stupid old people, I swear!
MELIA: Pardon our rudeness... Would you happen to know where Kelvin is?
OLDLADY: Ah, Kelvin said he wanted to take a stroll through the fields on Route 7.
There's a small possibility that he could also be inside Darchlight Woods.
He goes there often to pick fresh mushrooms.
MELIA: All right, thank you so much for your help.
Venam and I will take a look around Route 7. Could you go look through Darchlight Woods?
Excuse me, but where is Darchlight Woods located?
OLDLADY: West of Route 7. You'll know the place when you see it.
MELIA: Thank you.
There you have it. We'll meet up back at the train to report our findings. See you soon!
This town used to have another name before it became Oblitus Town.
That name has been long forgotten.
Watering Kelvin's flowers is all I get to do nowadays.
As you can see I am living an exciting and beautiful retirement.
Kelvin shouldn't be too far away. I'm sure you'll find him eventually if you keep looking.
Abandoned.
Once this Gym became abandoned, that officially sentenced this place to death.
Soon this town will become nothing.
"Oblitu-LOSER TOWN".
"Pokemon Center is out of service until further notice."
Once this town becomes empty it will act as a great passageway to the void.
There's absolutely nothing of benefit to this town. Who the hell would even come here?
What about you? What are you doing here?
Become one with the void. Become corrupted.
Locked.
MIDORI: Such a sad sight. I remember when this town was bustling with energy.
Now I'd be lucky to see a single dead leaf move.
MIDORI: What's that? I need to head home as soon as possible?
Ah, the festival is coming up, isn't it?
Well, I suppose I should head back home now.
Good day to you!
MELIA: This is Oblitus Town? This place looks...
VENAM: Like complete garbage.
MELIA: It looks like it's seen better days.
VENAM: So, garbage.
MELIA: Don't you find this sad? People had lives here...
And looking at all of this, it's just... It's sad.
VENAM: I mean, I guess. Let's just look for this guy and fix these tracks.
Oh, it's been quite some time since we've had any visitors come here.
Ever since Grand Dream City was built, people went off there instead.
Oblitus Town is the result of that.
[Map354]
Always trust your spirit.
Your spirit shall guide you.
Your spirit trusts in you too.
MILTANK: Moo!
The Miltank is calmly walking about.
Miltank notices the Oran Berry you hold.
Do you want to give Miltank the berry?
\PN handed over the Oran Berry.
...
......
.........
It's a small sapling.
The sapling is now a bush!
Some berries are starting to sprout!
This is a fully grown Grepa Berry tree!
Looks like whatever was planted here was picked off.
SKIDDO: Kiddo!
Yui's Ranch was named after the original owner of the ranch back before the region split up.
Now it's being ran by a girl named Beth and her father Dale.
If you've been to Sheridan Village you might've seen Beth selling her MooMoo Milk!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
You ever wonder where all the Pokemon Breeders came from?
We're mass produced androids that come from Yui's Ranch!
I'm kidding of course! But we really do come from this ranch.
BEN: I don't know why, but it looks like that guy returned all my Miltank...
All of them. Every single one of them is back
My sister used to play the piano on the S.S. Oceana. I haven't heard from her in a while, I hope she's okay.
I want to see her again someday.
She was really good at it too!
This is a fully grown Apicot Berry tree!
INKAY: It seems like the useless humans have brought together more cattle for us to collect!
But these cattle... For some reason they are more difficult to haul away...
What are we going to do?
???:\ts[1] That's enough!!!!
BEN: That's their spaceship!! We won't let them get away this time!
MALAMAR: My troops... You've captured all of my troops!
BEN: You have no right to complain! You took our Miltank first!
Give back my Miltank and maybe we'll consider handing over your precious troops!
MALAMAR: Silence, human! You are nothing but future slaves to us!
If you won't give me my troops back, then I shall take something in return!
BEN: H-Huh???
MALAMAR: If you wish to see this human ever again...
You will meet me in Honec Woods with a sizeable, but modest cash account!
Bring your social security number and credit card details too!
And also your birth certificate!
And maybe your parent's birth certificate! I SHALL NOT stand for ANYTHING less!
This is a fully grown Figy Berry tree!
We have to make absolutely sure that all of our Pokemon are handled with love and care.
If we don't take care of our Pokemon, they won't do their jobs!
And if they don't do their jobs, we'll have nothing to provide for the good people of Aevium.
TAUROS: Tauro!
That guy, "Dr. Jenkel" left a note. It was... a bit strange.
But I don't care. As long as I get my Miltank back!
I know it was kind of a weird journey, but I can't thank you enough!
I don't have much, but please take these!
BEN: My mom gave me these before she died.
I have a ton left, so it's okay that I share these with you.
Thanks for everything!
SAWSBUCK: Swaa?
STANTLER: Pooroof?
This is a fully grown Wacan Berry tree!
INKAY: Bleeep Bleeeeeeep!
This is a fully grown Aguav Berry tree!
INKAY: We won't stop until we have our cattle!
BETH: Don't you jus' love the bright and shinin' sun?
Tendin to my berries while feeling pleasant winds is just heavenly.
GOGOAT: Gouuu!
BETH: Hey I know you! You're \PN, aren't ya?
You bought my special Moomoo Milk back at Sheridan Village!
I really do appreciate your patronage. I really do.
You may think our glorious milk gets a lot of business, but the reality is that it doesn't.
We don't get to sell our milk inside of Grand Dream City because we don't work for Cassandra herself.
Let me tell you we're fine with that. We have no time for no high-cotton tailed hooligans like her.
But on top of that, a lot of our Miltank are missing...
Sigh, what are we going to do?
Enough of my ol' ramblin'. Please, enjoy the ranch!
???: Who are you?
Well that doesn't matter much, now does it?
My name is Beth and this 'ol establishment is my ranch. Well, my family's ranch of course!
We work hard to provide our customers with the best MooMoo Milk possible!
Unfortunately, the people at Grand Dream City forbid us to sell our milk inside the city walls.
Seems like those snooty-tooties are too good for our products.
It's just because we don't provide some of our income to the city itself.
...I should stop talkin' about our personal issues. We just met!
Please, enjoy your visit to the ranch!
At least our missing Miltank have returned. Ben said some person called Dr. Jenkel stole them.
They seem unharmed, so I won't look into legal actions, but... yeah.
Enough of about my ol' ramblin'. Please, enjoy the ranch!
INKAY: You! Leave us to our plans! We will dominate the world!
Water is sitting idly by at the bottom of the well.
Hey, you look weak!
Looks like I was wrong...
Yes
No
[Map355]
VENAM: Are you serious? Now the bridge is out?
MELIA: This can't be a coincidence, right? First the tracks were destroyed and now the bridge is out.
KANON: If you ask me it looks like someone really doesn't want people to enter the city.
MELIA: That's what it looks like to me as well. This is so frustrating.
VENAM: Well, what the hell do we do now? There's no way into the city from this side.
MELIA: I guess we're going to have to wait until the tracks are fixed.
VENAM: I hateee waiting....
MELIA: C'mon you guys. No point staying here. Maybe if we're lucky they're already fixing the tracks.
When are we ever that lucky, though?
KANON: So far this future looks so... grim.
OSHAWOTT: Osha!
You found Oshawott!
Oshawott wants to follow you!
Do you want to bring Oshawott back to Samurott?
Oshawott decided to follow \PN!
Bring Oshawott back to Samurott!
You decided to leave Oshawott alone.
OSHAWOTT: Osha...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Oshawott doesn't want to go this way...
OFFICER: Grand Dream City is under lockdown until further notice!
KANON: This does not look good...
VENAM: What? Are you serious? Now the bridge is out?
MELIA: This... can't be a coincidence, right? First the tracks and now this bridge?
EFI: Oi? You have found moi in a very interesting place, no?
I just wanted to experience a little time alone while listening to the waves.
I read in a book once that you could learn how to dance by looking at the waves move.
They swish back and forth like a metronome!
Oh, I'm so sorry! I forgot that you were here!
Please take this as my apology!
I think I've learned enough from the waves today. I'm going to head back home now.
You should visit us on Route 9 whenever you get the chance!
Au revoir!
Yes
No
[Map356]
SNORLAX: ...Zz....z...
Play the Pokeflute and wake up Snorlax?
...
SNORLAX: ....Snor?
SNORLAX: ....Snor!
SNORLAX: Snoorlax!!
Snorlax is waiting for you to make the next move.
BEN: D-Don't do it, \PN! Don't hand-
MALAMAR: Quiet, Earthling! This is a deal between \PN and I!
\PN, have you brought me the things I have requested?
MALAMAR: "Maybe" Is not satisfactory! "Maybe" Is not satisfactory!
How are you supposed to be in a loving relationship if you aren't honest with your partner?!
Both sides must be honest. Both sides must have the best intentions for the other in mind!
I will say and will confirm that I have nothing but good intentions with your credit card information!
So please, \PN, if you will! Hand them over!
MALAMAR: IMBECILE!
I have requested that you bring your Social Security number!
I have also requested your credit card details, alongside your birth certificate! Perhaps even your parent's!
And may I also please have a photo ID! Yes, that should all be satisfactory!
BEN: Wait a minute...
There's a zipper on the back of this Malamar!
MALAMAR: That is not a zipper! That is merely a skin tag.
I cannot, -CANNOT-, believe that you would be so insensitive!
I may be an evil Malamar hell-bent on taking \PN's personal credentials, but I have feelings too!
BEN: You can't fool me! This is a full-body suit!
MALAMAR: Malamar confirms that this merch is hands off! Hands off!
DRJENKEL: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Shit.
BEN: You're not a Malamar at all! You're just a jerk!
DRJENKEL: I don't know what you're talking about.
I just woke up! Oh no... Where am I? Is this the work of the Malamar?!
BEN: The jig is up! You're in a lot of trouble, mister!
DRJENKEL: I guess the charade is up, huh? Hehehehe.
BEN: Why did you pose as a Malamar and steal my Miltank?
We earn a living off raising those Pokemon!
DRJENKEL: Well, you see, children. It was all a social experiment in the name of science.
How does the human brain react to tragedies?
How do they work when their livelihood is threatened? It's quite interesting actually.
When \PN\ninitially helped me on Terajuma, I was quite happy.
I knew if there was anyone who could bring my plans to fruition, it would be them.
And look at this marvelous display. The data from this test is invaluable.
Those Inkay I caught myself actually did think I was a Malamar from another planet.
The data I've gathered from them will also be invaluable.
This is a pinnacle moment for humanity. We're doing great-
BEN: Then what was up with asking for personal information?
DRJENKEL: G-Gyah!!
BEN: I knew it! All that talk about science and humanity is a bunch of Miltank manure!
This whole thing was just a plot to commit identity theft!
DRJENKEL: Hehehe... Well I gotta go now! Remember kids! Change your password twice a year!
Check emails before opening them for possible phishing scams!
DRJENKEL: H-HuUuH?!
???: Grah!
DRJENKEL: OKAY BYE KIDS!
Also, you guys might wanna move out the way, just sayin.
BEN: Oh yeah... This is Snorlax's favorite sleeping spot.
I guess it got mad at that guy for occupying it.
BEN: B-But what about my Miltank! I gotta get back to the ranch!
This tree smells really sweet!
Do you want to slather Honey on it?
\PN slathered honey on the bark of the tree.
A wild Pokemon came out an attacked!
The bark is too moist to slather any honey on it.
BUTTERFREE: Feee!
I bet you thought I wasn't a trainer! Well I am!
Aw man, I thought tricking you would give me the upper hand...
One day you'll lose to a trainer and then I'll laugh!
I wouldn't go this way if I were you! You're going to wake up the monster!
Don't come crying to me when you get trashed!
It's scary when it's awake!
Yes
No
Maybe
What were they again?
[Map357]
PARASECT: Parrrrasect!
AMOONGUSS: Feeey??
Hey... do you want to play with me...?
No....? Why not....?
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
IMPIDIMP: Imphehehe...
I saw some birds doing some weird dances in this part of the forest earlier.
Their dances were so unique and elegant. I want one for my team!
I... I like sharp things...
You mean you don't??
I'm imagining sharp things...
"Darchlight Woods".
Tee hee, did I surprise you?
Your soul was supposed to be mine!
I'll have it one day.
Don't sleep~ Don't sleep~ in the fairy rings!
[Map358]
???: Finally got rid of that annoying brother of mine. God, I don't need your help navigating anything.
Quick check of the perimeter...
???: The coast seems clear. Let's get this over with.
???: Bladestar Admin online.
Planting probe #D07.
???: Activating probe.
???: Probe is activated. Progressing with the procedure. Let's.... go!
???: It's a shame it had to come to this. Don't worry, I'll restore this place one day.
???: Flora? Where are you?
FLORA: I'm over here.
???: Flora, what in the world happened here?!
FLORA: Look, Florin. I told you. The corruption is spreading even in Darchlight Woods.
We're going to have to report this to Cassandra immediately, isn't that right?
FLORIN: ... I may be a high ranking government official, but not even I can talk to Cassandra that fast.
We have to be absolutely sure this was caused by corruption and not some... weird disaster or something.
FLORA: What are you talking about? What else could've caused this? A Pokemon? Get real.
FLORIN: I wonder if this is the work of Bladestar. They've been causing trouble for quite some time.
FLORA: Ugh, would you stop being a damn scaredy cat and just report this? What the hell is your deal?
FLORIN: All right, all right, Flora. There's no need to yell. I'll report this as soon as we get back to the Judicial District.
I still want to keep looking around, though.
FLORA: Fine, let's get a move on then.
[Map359]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
???: ...Ah!
P-Please excuse me!
PARASECT: Parrrrasect!
AMOONGUSS: Feeey??
IMPIDIMP: Imphehehe...
[Map360]
NARCISSA: We've finally made it.
NARCY: Dufaux is hiding somewhere in this mansion.
We'll find him and put an end to this once and for all.
NARCISSA: Yes, all three of us together.
NARCY: Come on. Let's do what we must.
"Darchlight Manor".
PARASECT: Parrrrasect!
AMOONGUSS: Feeey??
ERIN: She better show up in the next 10 minutes or I'm leaving her.
I'm serious about that, by the way.
ERIN: Sigh... she's not showing up anywhere.
What an annoying girl. Can't you keep still for one goddamn second?
ERIN: Huh? Oh, we meet again.
Before you ask me the obvious question...
No, I didn't find her. She's nowhere to be found.
Out of sight, out of mind. I'm going home.
VENAM: Not so fast.
ERIN: What...?
ERIN: No...
What kind of sick game is this?!
MELIA: ...Huh? What are you talking about?
Why the hell do you look like...?!
VENAM: Hey, don't yell at her!
ERIN: I'm sorry, but you... nevermind.
I was out of line. Just get over it.
MELIA: Uh, okay. Let's just start over.
My name is Melia, and this is Venam.
ERIN: My name is Erin.
What do you three want from me?
MELIA: We wanted to ask you about Aelita.
VENAM: She's our friend. She was being taken to some spiritual healer by our group.
ERIN: Yeah, that spiritual healer is my grandpa.
Though, I'm not sure what you mean by "group".
The only people out here were Aelita and this old lady.
VENAM: You found her out here? Did it happen to be by the wreckage?
ERIN: Yeah. It also turns out that the old woman knew my grandpa. So we're taking them in for the time being.
Aelita and I came out here to actually search the wreckage ourselves.
We somehow got separated and now here I am.
VENAM: ... You didn't see anyone else?
ERIN: Like I said, I only saw Aelita and an old woman.
VENAM: I see...
ERIN: I'm assuming there were more people initially.
VENAM: Yeah, that's right.
ERIN: They'll turn up eventually. Just like Aelita.
Speaking of which, I'm done searching for her.
I'm just going to head home under the assumption she went back there herself.
VENAM: I doubt it. The bridge to Grand Dream City has been destroyed.
ERIN: Is that so? Well, a broken bridge wouldn't stop Aelita. Especially with her Pokemon.
But that leaves me stranded out here myself.
MELIA: Why don't you come back with us?
Because the tracks on Route 7 were damaged, our train had to stop midway to GDC.
ERIN: I don't have a train ticket.
VENAM: I'm sure we can talk to the conductor about it. They'll understand the circumstance, right?
MELIA: I hope so.
ERIN: You guys go on ahead. I have one more place I'd like to check.
MELIA: Very well.
[Map361]
???: Where's my partner? They said they were going to meet me here...
This Oshawott is about to make me some hardcore cash!
Huh?
???: Whoa, you actually followed me?
...Maybe yelling out my location wasn't the smartest thing ever.
You want this Oshawott back? You're going to have to fight for it.
You can't be serious!
CILA: Grrr... fine. You win.
Take the stupid Oshawott! I'll go steal something else!
OSHAWOTT: Osha?
Oshawott seems to be unharmed.
\PN and Oshawott went back to Samurott.
OFFICER: We've been ordered to keep trainers out of the Dreamyard.
Sorry, but you'll have to leave.
There's an old rumor about the Odd Tower in Darchlight Woods.
If you interact with 30 people in the woods, and bring an Odd Keystone to the tower at night...
The devil shall appear and steal your soul.
Not sure if this is actually true or not. I've been too afraid to actually try it out.
SAKI: Huh? What's wrong? Dont'cha wanna evolve?
My Pokedex says you're already level 35, so evolve already!
BRAIXEN: Braoo!
SAKI: You know I don't speak Pokemon, dummy dum dum!
Teehee... and because of that, I actually made you something really cool!
SAKI: Here, put it around your neck and then say something.
BRAIXEN: Um... So, something like this?
SAKI: Teehee! It works perfectly!
BRAIXEN: I'm... speaking? How am I speaking?! This is...
SAKI: The Poke-Translator I made for a class project.
I am an engineering prodigy, after all! What can't Saki Blakeory do?!
BRAIXEN: I see... This changes everything.
SAKI: Yea, and because of that I want you to tell me how you really feel!
BRAIXEN: How I really feel?
SAKI: I couldn't understand you, but I could tell how you were feeling about this whole thing.
You're scared of evolving, right?
BRAIXEN: Is it that obvious?
SAKI: Mhm! Which is the real reason why I made this stupid thing.
If you don't wanna evolve, it's cool with me. Personally I don't really like Fire-types anyway.
BRAIXEN: I guess I'm not good enough then.
SAKI: Nahhh, I didn't mean it like that. It's just a personal preference. I like working with Steel Pokemon.
What I'm trying to say is that I prefer us being besties than Trainer and Pokemon.
BRAIXEN: Friends...? Oh, I would love that very much!
SAKI: Yay!!! Besties!
We'll have so much fun. I'll introduce you to all my friends back at school.
Oh, but I made you one last thingy.
You should drink this.
BRAIXEN: What is it? It looks... like cement.
SAKI: It's a tonic I made out of everstone. It'll indefinitely prevent you from evolving.
Indefinitely, that is, until you drink the antidote I also came up with.
I figured you wouldn't be interested in that, so I didn't make it, but I'll tell you the ingredients just in case.
Listen real closely!
The Badlands is a very terrible place to visit. I'd recommend skipping it.
People like to call it the Scar of Aevium. It's never fully healed.
It's rare to see trainers all the way out here.
Usually they just flock to Grand Dream City without hesitation.
I like to be out here because of the nice breeze.
[Map362]
FLORA: Huh? Where did you come from?
FLORIN: Relax, Flora. They're probably just another random trainer running around the woods.
FLORA: Yeah, but you would think trainers would stay away from these woods after hearing the myth.
Like honestly, do you want your memories to be erased completely? I don't think so. So scram.
FLORIN: Honestly, Flora. Could you not be so rude to strangers?
FLORA: Sorry. Now scram. We don't have time to meddle with whatever you want.
FLORIN: Well now I will give them some of our time.
My name is Florin. I am part of the head council in Grand Dream City.
My dream is to one day be the mayor of Grand Dream City.
The rude woman to my left is my sister, Flora. She's the Grass-Type Gym Leader.
FLORA: Pleasure.
So what's your name, kid?
FLORIN: Wait a minute... I know this person!
Aren't you \PN?
FLORA: This is \PN? Didn't we talk in the city once already?
FLORIN: You don't remember us? I thought you would, you know, after you stepped on my foot and called me a loser.
FLORA: That was pretty funny. I like you already.
... But it looks like they have no idea what we're talking about, so maybe we're mistaken?
FLORIN: Possibly, ah whatever.
There doesn't seem to be any corruption around here, but if it's spreading, that's bad news for us.
FLORA: Yes, it is. Can we just go back to Grand Dream City already?
I can barely see anything in this horrendous fog.
FLORIN: Yes, yes, all right. Let's go back home.
Flora has nothing else to do later on today. So if you happen to be in the area and want a Gym Battle-
FLORA: Excuse me? Do you know my entire itinerary or something? Did I say I was free?
FLORIN: For God's sake, Flora. Cut the attitude. What else do you need to get done today?
FLORA: You see... I'm... I'm a very busy woman and-
... Did you hear that?
Kind of like... a cracking noise below us.
FLORIN: What? What exactly are we standing on?
FLORA: A pile of leaves-
Oh, you have got to be-
[Map363]
Not this way!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
FLORA: ...Great. This is perfect. Absolutely perfect.
If you had just listened to me when I said we should leave, we wouldn't be here right now.
FLORIN: How was I supposed to know this was going to happen? It's not like I wanted this.
FLORA: You never listen to me! Things would be better if you just listened to me for once!
And now you've brought \PN right down with us. Great job, Florin. GREAT... JOB!
FLORIN: Alright, fine! Okay, I was wrong! I just wanted to see if the corruption spread any further.
I didn't want the people of Grand Dream City to feel out of the know, okay?
They deserve to know what's happening outside the walls.
FLORA: ...Fair enough... Sorry I yelled. I'm just frustrated.
Let's just find a way to get out of here, okay?
???: Could you guys stop making so much noise? I'm trying to nap over here.
FLORA: Um... Who was that?
???: I'm right next to you. Seriously, keep it down, yeah?
FLORIN: How long have you just... been there?
Do you even know where we are? How have you been doing?
???: I dunno.
FLORIN: Uh, okay. How did you get down here?
???: I fell.
FLORIN: H-How long have you been down here?
???: Couple of hours. Maybe days.
FLORA: "Couple of hours, maybe days"?! That is a huge estimation gap.
???: I don't know how long I've been down here, okay?!
I fell down here and thought the ground was really soft.
I just sort of laid down and fell asleep.
I've been sleeping here this whole time until some annoying pests decided they wanted to make noise over nonsense.
FLORA: A-Annoying pests? Fine then, if that's how it's going to be...
Then I guess we're just going to have to get used to each other.
Because we're going to be stuck down here forever, and ever.
???: Speak for yourself, broccoli queen. I'm not stuck down here at all.
I can leave whenever I please.
FLORA: Yeah, okay. If that was the case, you'd be outta here by now.
You're trapped.
???: The only trap here is your mouth. I think it'd be better if you'd shut it.
The name's Erin, and I'm never trapped. I will never be trapped, and I will -always- come out on top.
As it turns out, I already know where the exit is.
Whether you decide to cooperate with me or not is up to you.
But you better hurry along, because the clock's ticking.
FLORA: ...
FLORIN: Hey, don't look at me. I don't have anything to do with this.
FLORA: I dislike her.
But fine... I suppose we'll cooperate. For now.
ERIN: Good to know... Thanks for helping. The exit is just east of here. Goodbye.
FLORIN: Wait!
ERIN: What?
FLORIN: That's it?
ERIN: That's it.
I don't know what you're expecting? Some long story on how I got here?
Sexual preference? Preferred aesthetic?
Date of birth? Place of birth? Would you like my ID number as well? How about my bank card info?
But since you did decide to trust me before, I'll give you a little bit of information.
I'm down here because I'm looking for my friend. Her name's Aelita.
We got separated, I fell down here, took a nap, told you where the exit was and that's it.
There's nothing else to it, so let me be on my way.
FLORIN: She called Flora rude? She's got her own way of being unpleasant.
FLORA: Ugh, screw her. Let's just find a way out of here, okay?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
ERIN: The exit is on the other side of this pit for sure...
At least, that's what my intuition's telling me.
FLORA: Your intuition, huh? What a joke.
Despite what I said before, I don't think working alone will benefit anyone here.
We should split up and look for a way to get across this pit.
FLORA: Who put you in charge?
ERIN: I put myself in charge. Leave this to someone who actually knows what they're doing.
There seems to be a few ways to go. Three to be exact.
Here's a cool idea... Let's let mute decide how we're splitting up?
Yeah, you. You haven't said a word.
I'm giving you the option to choose who you want to go with. That should be fine, right?
Now choose.
Go with...?
ERIN: Fine. We'll team up and take the right path.
Green haired dude can take the middle path, and green haired girl can take the left path.
ERIN: All right. Green haired dude will pair up with mute and take the middle path.
I will take the right path, and green haired girl will take the left.
ERIN: As you wish. Green haired girl will team up with mute and take the left path.
I'll take the right path, and green haired dude will take the middle.
FLORA: W-Wait...!
ERIN: What's the problem?
I'd like to take the middle path, if that's all right.
FLORIN: What does it matter?
FLORA: Just something about the middle path. You know, me and my intuition.
ERIN: Fine, \PN and green haired dude will switch with you and take the left path.
ERIN: Fine, you and \PN take the middle path. Green haired dude can take the left path.
ERIN: Fine, you and green haired dude can switch.
FLORIN: It's Florin, by the way. That's Flora, and "mute" is \PN.
ERIN: All right, I'll remember that hopefully.
Let's move then.
Erin
Florin
Flora
[Map364]
JUDGE: Quiet down everyone.
JUDGE: Everyone! Please quiet down!
Flora Grevillea, your trial is about over. Is there anything else you'd like to add?
FLORA: There's nothing else I want to say to you, you stupid Judge.
JUDGE: M-My word... I never would've thought the sweetheart of Grand Dream City to have such a mouth!
FLORA: Yeah, well, too many sweets can kill you. Didn't you know that, Judge?
JUDGE: Of course I knew that, I was just-
FLORA: I don't care. We all know what the answer is going to be...
So please, give out your sentence already and save us the time.
FLORIN: ...Flora, please behave.
FLORA: ...
JUDGE: Very well then, Flora.
On multiple accounts of treason and terrorism, I hereby find the defendant to be\c[6] guilty!
JUDGE: Unfortunately for you, Miss Grevillea, the punishment for all these accounts is death.
Your execution will be held on a later date. If-
FLORIN: Please, your honor. I have something to say.
JUDGE: Florin? I was just about to give my sentence, but go on.
FLORIN: I realize what Flora's done is incredibly bad, but..
I would ask that you do not give her the death penalty.
JUDGE: On what grounds?
FLORIN: I'm asking this as a personal favor.
For all the work I've done for this city. I beg you to let her live.
JUDGE: Hmm... I see. Well, I suppose I could pull a string or two in that case.
FLORA:\ts[1] I don't want your sympathy.
FLORIN: F-Flora?
FLORA: What...? You want to help me now, brother?
After what you've put me through already? Now is the time you want to help?
I'm sorry, but if you're going to tell the truth, then I am obligated to as well.
FLORIN: Wh-What are you talking about?
FLORA: Your honor, I request the death penalty.
FLORIN: F-Flora?!
JUDGE: Y-You request the death penalty?
FLORA: That's correct. I believe the only way to repent for my sins is with death.
But that's not the only thing... If things are left at its current state...
Bladestar will not perish... In fact, it will flourish with its new leader.
JUDGE: With its new leader?!
FLORA: That is, if I don't expose the co-leader right here and now in this courtroom.
FLORIN: ...Flora, what are you doing?!
FLORA: After hearing the testimonies of everyone here, it seems I've turned over a new leaf.
How could I possibly sit here and let the city continue to suffer?
It's time to tell the truth and be honest with ourselves...
After all, I'm under oath, aren't I? \ts[1]I must tell the truth and nothing but the truth, Florin.
FLORA: Your honor, it breaks my heart to say that the Co-Leader of Bladestar is...
\c[6]Is actually my brother, Florin.
FLORIN: Flora! That isn't true and you know it!
JUDGE: Everyone quiet down this instant!
JUDGE: Quiet!
FLORA: Florin... The jig is up... Just come clean already...
JUDGE: Flora, this is a huge accusation. Do you have proof of this?
OFFICER: Your honor, during Cassandra's raid of Bladestar's lab in Darchlight Caves, we've discovered a horrible truth.
Irrefutable evidence suggests that Florin is indeed the Co-Leader of Bladestar.
FLORIN: Wh-What?! What?!!
(FLORA: That's right... I have Bladestar spies everywhere.
Because of that, I got note of what happened during your meeting with Cassandra, Florin.
\PN tried to tell Cassandra everything, but Erin tried to stop them.
I knew Cassandra would pick up on them trying to hide something...
As a result, I ordered Bladestar grunts to plant evidence of Florin being in Bladestar.
And it looks like in the end, she didn't believe Erin's cover up for a second.
Cassandra did exactly what I predicted and raided the Bladestar Labs, and now look where we are now...
But don't worry, brother... I won't be here to see you die.
There's too much for me to do to be put down so soon.
Maybe in your last moments you will rue the day you put your job above your own sister..
FLORA: But you won't hate me, will you?
I mean, tee hee, I just did the same thing you did to me!
It's nothing personal, my dear brother. I will always cherish the memories we had.
I mean, after our parents died... We had no one else but ourselves.
But every meeting has a parting, and this is where our parting begins.
Know that when you pass, I shall not mourn.
I will continue to be Grand Dream City's sweetheart... While you'll...
Rot.
In.
HELL.
What's the point of doing that, Florin?
I mean, life in prison is practically death. What's the point of living?
FLORIN: Flora, don't say stuff like that.
FLORA: What, you think I would wait every week with bated breath for you to come visit me or something?
And frankly, I don't even see you as my brother anymore, so don't talk to me like I'm your sister.
You're nothing but another obstacle to tear down when I get the opportunity.
You sniveling little mongrel! You insufferable cretin...
It's no wonder father didn't choose you for this role...
You have no backbone, no spine! You'd do well as a politician.
FLORIN: F-Father?
FLORA: So go ahead and announce your sentence, Judge.
Whether it be death or life in prison, it means absolutely nothing to me!
JUDGE: Despite your poor attitude, I will do what Florin asked of me and spare your life.
FLORA: Hah, spare my life? My life was never in danger, Judge.
JUDGE: Hm? What are you talking about?
FLORA: Did you really think you all could confine me so easily?
As if I didn't have a plan for this exact situation.
FLORIN: Flora, what are you up to? Don't make this worse on yourself!
FLORA: Stop talking! Your voice is like nails on a chalkboard!
Sorry ladies and gentlemen, but I'm afraid I have to run.
JUDGE: Flora, I order you to silence yourself!
FLORA: I will never be silenced! Go fuck yourself, Judge!
JUDGE: Guards, hold Miss Grevillea in contempt!
FLORA: Do it now, you stupid grunts! Now!
FLORA: Sorry, brother. There's only space for me. I cannot save you!
Perhaps I shall come back before your execution?
You all better up your security...
FLORA: Adios, fuckers! See you all in hell!
FLORIN: Flora... Why...?
FLORIN: ...
[Map365]
Locked.
FLORIN: ...
"Work towards a better city".
Why would this be here of all places?
Let's look around this place a little more.
FLORIN: What is with this huge computer? Why would someone need something this extravagant?
I guess it wouldn't hurt to turn this thing on, would it?
FLORIN: What... is this?
These are live feeds of Grand Dream City? Has someone been watching us?
No... no, this can't be possible.
Let's keep looking around.
\PN, they have every single alleyway covered. The Dream district, Hope district...
...!
I found live feed that's broadcasting the botanical garden Flora and I run!
Who are these people? Why are they watching us?
There's no question about it. This place has to belong to Bladestar.
\PN, do you know what Bladestar is?
They are an evil organization who are dedicated to the fall of Grand Dream City.
They've caused me numerous headaches and long nights.
I don't know why they want Grand Dream City to fall, but I don't care. I won't let them do it.
For the safety of my sister and all the citizens of Grand Dream City... I won't let them succeed.
If this truly is Bladestar, then we have to report this to Cassandra immediately.
Oh, excuse me. You probably don't know who Cassandra is either.
Cassandra is my boss. She's the mayor of Grand Dream City.
She can be a little reckless with her decisions, but she cares about the city dearly.
Once we report this, we can finally live a life of peace. Just like the good 'ol days.
We just need to find their damn leader first.
FLORIN: ...What?
You saw my sister in Bladestar uniform? You must be mistaken. My sister loathes Bladestar.
There's no way she would be with them. It's absolutely absurd.
Flora loves Grand Dream City. She would never plot to destroy it.
I'm sorry, \PN, but if you want me to believe that nonsense... You're going to have to give me proof.
No proof? Then no deal.
Hm, there's nothing else of interest on this computer.
Wait, what's this file here?
"Operation:Star.exe".
Let's click on it.
"This is Grunt #118. Operation:Star is finally underway.
The plan is as follows!
1. Isolate any newcomers from the city!
This means we must destroy every entrance and exit to the city. We must keep the citizens locked!
2. Uncover the true secrets beh- "
FLORIN: What?!
No goddamnit, no!
Their whole entire plan was being laid out in front of me. I was so close to exposing them...
The archives are being deleted from a remote location.
This means Bladestar knows we're here, right?
I don't think they're just going to let us escape.
I expect reinforcements to arrive any moment.
Let's get back with the others and report our findings.
ERIN: Wow, would you look at all this?
A room with a giant computer, several boxes, some obligatory, but boring plants...
Yes... What we have here is something I like to refer to as...
Absolutely nothing of worth.
But eh, we might as well take a look around while we're here.
Never know what you might find in places like this.
ERIN: What? Are you weirded out by me opening up random boxes?
It's not like it's unwarranted. This place is abandoned, right?
Haven't you ever looked at a pile of boxes and wondered what was inside?
Wondering was probably the most you did, right? You never bothered to open them?
I can't say I've been that way... ever. I need to know what lies within the box.
I tend to let curiosity take over whenever it wants.
You know what they say...
Curiosity killed the cat, but the sweet, sweet satisfaction brought it right back.
So let's see what curiosity has led us to?
ERIN: Hm... Have you found anything of importance?
Sigh, I didn't think so... This whole thing has just been one huge bust.
ERIN: Wait a moment... Right here, it says "Password: Alpha".
Cool, so we got a password but nowhere to input said password.
Except for that computer over there. Let's see what we can do with it.
ERIN: Let's turn this thing on.
Alright, there we go. We're getting places now.
While I dig through the databases, there's actually something I wanted to talk to you about.
So, tell me... Who are you exactly to Aelita? Friend? Sibling? Distant lover?
Are you confused? I'm just assuming you know her based off the reaction you had when I mentioned her name.
You don't talk much, but your face is telling.
Anyway, I found her and this old woman by some wreck on Route 7. You may have come across it?
I brought both of them to my grandpa's house and he took care of them.
Aelita desperately wanted to go back to the wreck so I obliged to take her...
Unfortunately, we got separated and now here we are.
Then I fell down here and now here we are.
I'm sure she's doing fine, though. She seemed capable... enough.
Oh hey, take a look at this.
Whoa, this is unexpected. This place belongs to Bladestar.
Have you heard of Bladestar?
If you aren't from around here I wouldn't expect you to.
Supposedly they are terrorists who wish to see Grand Dream City destroyed.
That's how the media portrays them, but if you want a handful of good advice, here it is:
The people behind the media are cheaters. They intentionally hide things.
Do your own research and formulate your own opinion.
God, there's so much information here. There are lists of names of people in Bladestar.
ERIN: Whoa what? Deleting?
I didn't touch anything that would've commanded the computer to delete its archives. This is concerning.
The timing isn't a coincidence, either. Someone knows we're here and they're covering up their tracks.
So this could mean a few things for us.
One, we're going to be targeted by Bladestar for the rest of our pitiful lives. Wo-
???: Halt!
ERIN: Two, they're sending reinforcements to have us apprehended. We know too much.
ERIN: Hey look, they sent one grunt for each thing that I've listed.
GRUNT: Sorry, but you two have to come with us.
GRUNT: You just know too much to be left alone!
ERIN: I guess this is where we battle our way out, right?
Don't hold me back and I won't hold you back, got it?
This is bad.
Why'd it have to be powerful ones?!
ERIN: So it's true. This is a Bladestar ran facility, or was one?
GRUNT: C-Correct, but-
GRUNT: Hey, what the hell are you doing? We lost, that means we leave. So let's leave!
GRUNT: R-Right!
ERIN: I don't see any cameras around, so while the possibility of someone watching us is present...
I think they found out we were here through other means.
Maybe it's because we turned on the computer?
ERIN: What? You found Flora in Bladestar uniform?
If that's true, then things suddenly make sense.
Flora seemed to really want the middle path, remember?
If she were Bladestar she'd know what exactly was down that path, correct?
She has to be the one who contacted someone for reinforcements.
The question is if Florin is in on it as well.
Doubtful, since Florin questioned Flora's actions as well.
In any case, let's pretend like we don't know anything.
We'll confront Flora when the time is right.
ERIN: Well in any case, there's nothing else in here that we can use. We should just regroup.
FLORA: Dammit, it has to be around here somewhere...?
Oh, uh, I'm referring to the exit of course.
FLORA: There!
FLORA: Take a look at that, \PN... That's a computer, right?
Maybe we can find something if we go through it?
Let's turn this on.
FLORA: Um, it's okay. You don't need to watch me. I'm quite capable on my own.
I'm serious... just go away! I don't need your help!
FLORA:\ts[1] You what...?
You saw me place down a probe in Darchlight Woods?
I see.
Well, I know things may look bad, but trust me when I say that you're messing with things you don't understand.
Great, you found me out. Great for you, I guess? What are you going to do about it?
You're doing nothing about it because I said so.
Well, since you obviously know so much, I guess I can give up this annoying shtick.
FLORA: My name is Flora, Co-leader of Bladestar.
What you see before you is an abandoned Bladestar base.
Oh,\| and guess what? Today's your lucky day, \PN!
As of right now, you're an honorary member of Bladestar, so get used to it!
...
...Fine, I'll give you a badge if you say nothing about this, okay?
Not for free, of course, but I'll give you the opportunity to get one.
My brother and I have very full schedules, so people don't usually get the chance to battle me often.
Now that that's all said and done, let me explain a few things about Bladestar.
Our mission is to take down Grand Dream City's authority and replace it with more reliable hands.
The current leaders of Grand Dream City are corrupted and greedy pigs.
Especially Cassandra...
I have reason to believe that she's behind this stone phenomenon, and I won't rest until she's taken down.
As you can see our cause is noble. Not an evil one.
I'll fill you in on more details later, but I have something I really need to do right now.
The other two rooms also contain computers. Those computers have very crucial and classified information.
I don't know about Erin, but my brother likes to snoop around a lot. If he's allowed to, he'll find out everything.
As you can imagine that'd be bad for me. Especially since my brother is a G-man.
He has a kind heart, though. Unfortunately, his kindness will lead to his own demise.
All I have to do is... this!
<<[>>All archive components have been deleted.<<]>>
FLORA: There, all contents on the archive have been deleted. That isn't enough, though.
I'm going to call for reinforcements... Mainly for show, really.
Don't worry, my regular grunts aren't too much of a threat.
Now, on how we actually get out of this hell hole...
There's a bridge that connects to the exit, but it can only be activated from this room.
You'll see what I mean once we actually leave this room.
After that we're going to have to find the Darchlight Mirror machine...
Once we get what we need from there, we can just follow the cave until we come across a lift.
Now c'mon, let's get a move on!
FLORA: Not gonna say anything, huh?
Fine, watch if you're so inclined to.
Let's see what we have here...
Wow, look at all of this information. It's too bad I don't really know what all of this means.
Oh... it looks like all of this belongs to Bladestar.
Are you familiar with Bladestar?
I wouldn't expect you to if you've never been to Grand Dream City before.
They're a group who "prides themselves in causing terror to the people of Grand Dream City".
I don't know much about them other than the fact that my brother is obsessed with them.
He's determined to take them down to protect the lives of every single citizen.
He's a kind heart, but if you ask me... he's way too kind.
That kindness is going to get him in a lot of trouble soon. So susceptible to manipulation.
Oh no... it looks like someone from a remote location is deleting the computer's archive.
That means someone knows we're here. This could potentially be bad for us.
For now let's regroup with Erin and Florin.
???: Stop!
GRUNT: How did you two get in here?
FLORA: We fell through some hole in the ground. Back off!
GRUNT: You mean those old traps? I thought we covered those up already?
GRUNT: Whatever, all we know is that you were looking through our database!
Prepare to fall!
Abort mission!
But why?!
GRUNT: So this ended just how I expected it to.
Run!
FLORA: Seems like someone called for help down here.
We definitely have to regroup with the others now.
Expose Flora.
Keep Quiet.
Tell Erin about Flora.
Confront Flora.
[Map366]
You mustn't interrupt the show. Angie isn't finished playing with Veronica yet!
Why would you interrupt such a beautiful concert?
You must not appreciate the beauty of music. We all pity you greatly.
ANGIE: Is this the truest reflection of your heart, Veronica?
I refuse to believe that this is fact.
Show me the truest reflection!
VERONICA: M-My name is V-Veronica Vasile... I am here... to play a song for you... Angie...
VERONICA: \ts[5]P-L-E-A-S-E D-I-E.
Please die already!
ANGIE: Tsk, tsk, tsk. Unfortunately, that's the wrong answer.
It seems we still have a lot of work to do here, Veronica.
Keep playing. I assure you that one day you'll get it right.
Are you curious to see the truest reflection of your heart? Angie can do it to you too.
Your heart must be filled with nothing but evil. Perhaps it's best to not take a look?
I don't understand why people like you interfere with the beauty of Angie's work...
ANGIE: Hm, you are much quicker than I initially anticipated, but no matter.
Things are going accordingly.
VENAM: Screw you for making me say those things before, Angie. Who the hell do you think you are?
ANGIE: I did not say those words. Those words came from the bottom of your heart.
VENAM: Those words weren't true! I care about \PN and Melia!
ANGIE: Say what you will. They do not matter in the long run.
I shall not be interrupted during this ritual.
Maids, please occupy \PN's time for just a short while.
MAIDS: As you wish, Lady Angie.
MAID: We shall show you the power Arceus has bestowed upon us. We shall not fall.
ANGIE: Do not fail me, maids. This shall only take a moment.
Angie will be furious with me...
Arceus, I have failed thee..
MAIDS: Lady Angie, it seems as though... we have failed.
ANGIE: Hm, that is quite unfortunate...
For you.
ANGIE: And for you.
VENAM: Wh-?! What is wrong with you, lady?!
ANGIE: There is nothing wrong with me. You all are the ones who have been tainted by evil.
VENAM: You're crazy! You just killed two of your loyal servants! Why the hell would you do that?!
ANGIE: They failed their mission and therefore were no longer useful.
I explained to \PN earlier about my ideals. They can only shine if you make it that way.
I intend to make mine shine brightest.
You may have been successful now, but don't hold on to that pathetic sentiment.
In the end, I shall reign superior and sacrifice your tainted souls back to Arceus. Where they belong.
VENAM: To hell with your dumb fucking ideals! No one gives a living shit about them!
Where is Melia?! I know you have her!
ANGIE: You'd best learn to watch your mouth and learn your place, peasant.
It is true that Melia is in my possession. She is safe for the time being.
... But will she for long?
Let's find out.
VENAM: What the hell is the deal with all of this?
\PN, we have to hurry. We have to save Melia.
I couldn't save her last time, but this time I'm determined!
SERVANT: I am... jamming out to the sick beats layed down by my girl Veronica Vasile.
MAID: Excuse me, but the current show is not over yet.
Attendees are required to stay on the lower floor.
VERONICA: N-No, I am ready to e-end the show...
ANGIE: Is that so? Then present us the finale.
VERONICA: I am... a selfish girl who only thinks... of herself. Wh-Who cares about Melia or \PN? I- I don't.
I... I should be sacrificed to Arceus because I don't deserve the gift of life that I was given...
I... I want to be cleansed!
ANGIE: I am happy and extremely proud to hear you say that.
Your sacrifice shall be a great one. Arceus shall be pleased.
MAID: This beat is quite sick, isn't it?
MAID: I am... jamming out to the sick beats layed down by my girl Veronica Vasile.
MAID: What a stubborn lass this one is. Why won't she open her heart to Arceus?
Arceus wishes the best for their loyal subjects.
MAID: Tonight's performance is by the well known and renowned Veronica Vasile of Gearen City.
[Map367]
VENAM: Oh come on... He's not here!
MELIA: He can't be that far, can he?
The bridge to the city is out and there's no way he could've taken a train.
VENAM: Unless he went to the city before the bridge was taken out.
MELIA: In which case we're royally screwed. It's not like we can go back to Gearen City.
We're just going to have to look for him ourselves.
CYNDAQUIL: Quiill!!
KELVIN: I'm glad I was able to fix those tracks for you all.
Alexandra's helped me in the past, so I owed it to her.
You're friends with her, aren't you? Any friend of Alexandra is a friend of mine.
It's a Pokeflute displayed on a lush cushion.
KELVIN: Interested in that Pokeflute? Ahaha, a trainer of culture and taste I see?
I got that Pokeflute from a friend in the Kanto region.
Snorlax are indigenous to the Kanto region. They like to eat heavily and then sleep all day.
It became quite cumbersome for the people of Vermillion City.
KELVIN: Well, at first I bought it for the novelty. It looked nice in my house.
But then a Munchlax in the area evolved into a Snorlax and started causing trouble.
Whenever it blocks the path of trainers, I bring this flute and play it.
KELVIN: I guess you could say that. There's a Snorlax that lives in this part of the region that likes to cause trouble!
Whenever it blocked the path, I would have to go there with this flute and awaken it.
But I'm getting old. I can't keep up with that thing anymore.
I also don't want to just part with it.
Tell you what, I'll sell you this item for a price. Then I'll use that money to buy another one.
\GThis is an antique, so I won't part with it for nothing. I'll hand it over for $45,000
\GBuy the flute for $45,000?
\GKELVIN: And sold! Take the flute for your own.
KELVIN: Pleasure doing business with you!
KELVIN: I'm sorry, but you don't have enough money.
I understand that I am asking for a lot, but it is an antique.
Come talk to me if you're interested in in it later.
KELVIN: Come talk to me if you're interested in it later.
I'd recommend staying out of Honec Woods! Last I heard there was a Snorlax running about!
We'd recommend not going into Honec Woods, but if you must...
You should buy Honey for the Honey trees!
???: Hey.
My name is Sardines, but you can call me Dean.
DEAN: Funny of you to stumble upon my home.
You're a trainer, right? That means you've used a PC box before?
I'm the one who manages all that stuff. It's all a lot of technical junk, but I like doing that stuff.
So, uh, don't be a stranger. I'll be here.
Oh, and if you wanna access your PC, you can use my laptop.
DEAN: You can use my laptop to access the PC.
Why do you have one?
You have a Snorlax?
Yes
No
[Map368]
VENAM: ...
Oh, sorry \PN. Something has just been bothering me.
I'll tell you later.
FLORA: I promised "a" gym battle. Meaning one.
...But I'm feeling generous, so I guess I'll give you another shot.
FLORA: Do you know the definition of insanity?
It's doing the same repeatedly and expecting a different result. Just a hint...
There won't be.
FLORA: Well you certainly took your time.
Though, a promise is a promise, and you kept your side of the bargain.
It's only morally correct of me to fulfill my side as well, yeah?
Let's get this over with. Not that we're in a rush or anything.
MELIA: Go \PN! I know you can do it!
VENAM: Kick her in the face, or something, I dunno. Yaaay.
MELIA: ...Do not kick her in the face.
Kick her Pokemon in the face with your Pokemon!
FLORA: ... Let's just start.
I tried.
FLORA: I tried my best I think, but I couldn't win.
Anyway, you beat me, so you deserve this.
\PN received the Rose Badge!
Oh yeah, I guess I have to give you this as well.
FLORA: TM53 contains Energy Ball.
It's a strong special Grass type move, but I'm sure you already knew that.
VENAM: ... Hey guys.
FLORIN: What is it?
VENAM: Can I show you all something?
Maybe you guys may know something about it.
MELIA: Of course. Where are we going?
VENAM: It's in front of Honec Woods.
I'll lead the way.
FLORIN: Apparently I was better at this than I thought.
Nevertheless, I will not underestimate you. Let us battle!
FLORIN: I really did appreciate your honesty down in the Darchlight Caves.
FLORIN: I want to thank you for exposing my sister, Flora.
Because of you, Grand Dream City is much safer.
Believe in these words, \PN.
MELIA: Go \PN! You got this in the bag!
VENAM: Woooo, get 'em... or something. Just don't lose.
FLORIN: Right, that being said, I haven't seriously battled one on one in quite some time.
So forgive me if I appear to be a little rusty.
I uh... Didn't expect to win, but I guess it was fun anyway? Yeah! It was!
FLORIN: Ah, but this was the expected outcome, no?
FLORIN: TM53 contains Energy Ball.
MELIA: What's wrong?
VENAM: There's something I want to show you...
FLORIN: I shall be watching your battle from here.
I'm curious to see how strong you really are. Do not disappoint me!
IMPIDIMP: Imphehehe...
MELIA: Good luck with your battle, \PN.
Grass types generally aren't the best, right?
I think you should be totally fine.
That being said, I could probably give you some advice about this battle?
Would you like some advice?
MELIA: What would you like to know?
MELIA: Florin's ace is his Mega Sceptile. I don't think I have to tell you to look after that one.
As for Florin's signature move, Uproot, has a chance of lowering your Special Defense by two stages.
When that happens... Things are going to hurt. Be wary.
MELIA: Okay, so, from what I've read about the Bewitched Field...
Fairy, Dark, and Grass attacks increase in base power by x1.3.
Grounded Grass Pokemon heal a little each turn.
But that's not what's special about the Bewitched Field. On this field, the rules are different.
Dark and Fairy attacks hit each other for Neutral damage.
Poison attacks deal neutral damage to both Grass and Fairy Pokemon.
There's more, but that should hold you over for the most part.
Go get em, \PN!
MELIA: Florin's team is structured in a way that each Pokemon covers the other.
This support is why Florin is considered to be as tough as Flora.
Florin likes to use glass cannons. His Pokemon will hurt quite a bit if you let them.
A fast Pokemon will be able to take out Florin with ease, but if you don't have fast Pokemon...
Well, you'll have a lot of trouble.
I recommend finding a way to get rid of this rain so that you can use Fire-Types effectively.
Flying-Type Pokemon are also quite strong here.
Anyway, that's all the advice I have for now. Good luck, \PN.
MELIA: You can do this, \PN! We're here for you!
MELIA: Flora's ace is her Mega Venusaur. That's a tanky one, that is.
As for her signature move, Uproot... It has a chance of lowering your Special Defense by two stages.
MELIA: Okay, Flora's your opponent this time.
As you know already, she uses Grass-Type Pokemon.
If you're thinking of using Poison-Type moves on her Pokemon, you may want to think again.
This forest makes Grass and Fairy types take neutral damage from Poison attacks.
Now, let's actually talk about Flora specifically.
Despite her aggressive attitude, she doesn't exactly fight aggressively.
She focuses mostly on tankier Pokemon. She'll want to stall you out until you have nothing else to use.
The field makes her really strong because of the sustenance it provides.
I recommend burning or poisoning her Pokemon so that the healing is negated.
I also recommend finding a way to get rid of this rain so that you can use Fire-Types effectively.
Yes
No
Florin's Ace | Sig Move
Bewitched Field
Suggestions
Nothing
Flora's Ace | Sig Move
[Map369]
Do you need me to guide you through the woods?
Looks like you have everything settled!
I should probably find my partner, Polo. He's around here somewhere.
Have you seen my partner, Marco?
He's always getting away from me! Can't he sit still?
He'll find me eventually. Whatever.
I've always thought about setting up camp here. What do you think?
Hm... Maybe with strong trainers out here I just might not.
Darchlight Woods is nice to nap in! Maybe I'll go there!
BEN: Hi \PN! How are you doing?
I'm just out here gathering sap from the trees so that we can make syrup!
I also like gathering honey as well, but that's mostly just for me, heheheh...
I wonder where that Dr. Jenkel guy went off to...
Probably trying to scam someone else, eh?
This tree smells really sweet!
Do you want to slather Honey on it?
\PN slathered honey on the bark of the tree.
A wild Pokemon came out an attacked!
The bark is too moist to slather any honey on it.
The sap from the trees here is perfect for maple syrup!
That's why Beth sent us to gather sap. We need them for the Honey Cakes!
ANABEL: Thanks to you two, we were able to safely apprehend this Rift Pokemon without any consequence.
ERICK: Aw jeez, I didn't really do anything. I couldn't even open the door myself!
It's all thanks to \PN! They're the reason why everything went so smoothly.
LOOKER: Indeed, \PN's efforts were a huge asset to this success.
But as you know, our work here isn't done. There are other Rift Pokemon out there.
And we'll need your help to capture each one.
ANABEL: But for now, it looks like this chapter is coming to a close.
Erick, you're free to go. Your payment will be arriving to your destination soon.
ERICK: Thank you!
ANABEL: As for you, \PN, there are some things we need to talk about back at our office.
We'll be transferring this Rift Pokemon in this SPU Truck.
If you'd like, you could ride back to the city with us.
LOOKER: Excellent. Erick, a helicopter at our base is waiting for you.
ERICK: Sweet. I guess I'll ride back to base with you all as well.
ANABEL: Very well, please meet up with us whenever you're available.
LOOKER: Erick, there's a helicopter waiting at base. It's ready to take you home whenever.
See ya later, \PN!
I caught a Burmy by placing honey on some of the trees here!
Too bad I released it before this battle. If I had it, I would've won!
Maybe I should go catch another Burmy.
Yes
No
[Map370]
FLORIN: ... It seems as though that cave lead to Honec Woods.
How did anyone not know about this?
ERIN: Well, if I recall correctly, this part of the woods was blocked off with a small fence.
Perhaps people just assumed it was placed there by an authority figure or something.
You know, unauthorized trespassing and such.
FLORA: Well all that matters is that we're out now.
I think it's time to head back home now.
FLORIN: Hold on a moment.
FLORA: What is it, Florin?! This is the second time you're trying to hold us up.
FLORIN: Flora. I'm going to ask you a question. You better answer honestly.
FLORA: Spit it out already!
FLORIN: Are you part of Bladestar?
FLORA: Nope. Let's go home now.
FLORIN: No, that isn't enough.
Flora, \PN said they saw you plant a probe with a Bladestar insignia on it.
FLORA: Obviously, they lied.
Now let's go home already!
FLORA: What do you think you're doing?! Don't touch me!
Stop!
FLORA: ...
FLORIN: Flora...
FLORA: Well... you caught me.
So, you know I'm with Bladestar.
What now?
FLORIN: I... I need time to think.
ERIN: You two can handle your family issues alone.
I'm going to go find my friend, Aelita.
FLORA: I really hope you're happy, \PN.
You may have ruined an entire city.
A city I tried to save.
ERIN: Yeah, I'm done here.
I need to look for my friend, Aelita.
As for you, \PN. If you're here with anyone, you better go find them.
We've been down here for quite some time. They're probably worried sick about you.
FLORA: Yeah, yeah, family, friends and stuff. Can we leave now?
FLORIN: Patience, Flora. One step at a time.
FLORIN: Huh? Is there something you need to tell me, \PN?
FLORA: ...!
FLORIN: ... What did you say...?
ERIN: They said that Flora is part of Bladestar. What part didn't you hear correctly?
FLORIN: I heard it correctly, I just... don't believe it.
ERIN: Where are you even getting this idea? Do you have any evidence to back up your conclusion?
...
ERIN: You saw Flora plant a probe in Darchlight Woods that had the Bladestar insignia on it?
Well, if that's true then Flora must still have the probe on-hand, correct?
So? Would you allow us to search you, Flora?
FLORA: ... Don't bother. I confess.
I don't want you people touching me and if I play the fool... you'll just find it on me anyway.
So I'm just going to save myself from an uncomfortable experience.
But you \PN... you are a traitor. You are a no good dirty little traitor and you will pay for this.
FLORIN: Flora... we're... going to need to have a very long talk. I am very, very disappointed in you.
We're going back home to Grand Dream City right now.
FLORA: Whatever.
ERIN: You guys do that. I'm going to keep looking for my friend.
As for you, \PN. I'm sure you have people waiting for you as well?
If so you better go find them. We've been down there for quite a while.
FLORIN: Agreed.
ERIN: I guess I'll resume my search for Aelita.
Though, if I don't find her in the next hour I'm going home.
FLORA: Oh, and \PN, I didn't forget about that Gym Battle I promised you.
Come over to my gym in Grand Dream City whenever you're ready to challenge me, okay?
Oh... and thanks for being loyal!
FLORIN: Huh? What are you talking about?
FLORA: Hehe... nothin'.
FLORIN: Right. Let's go.
ERIN: Flora is Bladestar.
FLORA: What?
ERIN: You heard me.
You're part of Bladestar. Isn't that right, Flora?
FLORA: Excuse you? Keep your lies to yourself.
FLORIN: Where are you getting this from?
ERIN: We saw Flora in Bladestar uniform. Simple as that.
FLORA: ...You what?
ERIN: If you don't believe us, you could technically just search Flora. She probably has something of note.
FLORA: Search me? What do you think this is?
ERIN: Fine, then look at it from another perspective.
Why did you want the middle path in the caves so badly, Flora?
If I remember correctly, you insisted on going that way.
Why would you insist on going somewhere unless you knew exactly where you were.
FLORIN: ... Flora?
FLORA: What? What do you want?
FLORIN: Don't you have anything to dispute this?
I must admit, I don't have anything.
Everything that has happened... it's all been so sloppy.
FLORIN: So...?
FLORA: What can I say? I was outplayed. I lost.
Yes, I am part of Bladestar.
FLORIN: Flora... how could you do this?
Why would you do this?
FLORA: You'll know in time.
So what are you going to do now? You know the truth.
FLORIN: I don't know what to do with you.
Right now all I want to do is go back to Grand Dream City. I think I'm ready to go back home.
FLORA: Fine.
ERIN: You two do that. I'm going to look for my friend.
As for you, \PN. If you came here with anyone I suggest looking for them.
We've been down in the caves for quite a bit. They must be looking for you as well.
ERIN: Right. I'm going to go look for my friend.
FLORIN: You two should visit our gym sometime. We'll treat you two to lunch or something.
ERIN: Who am I to deny free food? Sure.
FLORA: Yeah, well we're going to go now. So bye.
Reveal Flora's secret.
Keep quiet.
[Map371]
RANGER: Did you know that Samurott hang around this shore during the morning times?
Yeah, they're really beautiful creatures.
Unfortunately, one of the Samurott that appeared here lost its child, Oshawott.
Now it's just wandering the shore in hopes of it returning.
Hey, I know! How about we look for Oshawott together?
I'm sure Samurott will appreciate it!
RANGER: That's great to hear!
Oshawott will mostly be by bodies of water.
Look for places that contain water and we might just find it!
RANGER: Ah... it's fine. You must be very busy.
RANGER: Oshawott likes to wander to places with water.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's hanging around some river or something.
SAMUROTT: Samu!
Samurott seems to be holding something! It wants to give it to you as a gift!
SAMUROTT: Samu...
Samurott looks really distraught.
SAMUROTT: Samu...!
RANGER: Good job! You found Samurott's Oshawott!
Now that you brought Oshawott back to Samurott...
I can steal it.
???: Heh, thanks. I really wanted an Oshawott for myself.
It was so kind of you to go ahead and bring me one on a silver platter.
Now that I got what I want, I think it's time I said adieu to you both. No hard feelings!
To Route 8 I go!
Samurott seems happy to be reunited with its child! Good work!
OSHAWOTT: ...
Samurott seems to be content.
OSHAWOTT: Osha, osha, osha!
Locked.
OSHAWOTT: Osha!
OSHAWOTT: Osha-wott!
Oshawott seems to want to go with you.
Samurott seems to be okay with this as well.
Will you accept Oshawott as-
Oshawott forcefully joined you!
Fine.
Maybe later.
[Map372]
[Map373]
CHILD: Yay! We made it! What a nice miracle!
CHILD: Now I get to go home and have fun with my sister again!
Oh happy day! Oh happy night!
CHILD:\ts[1] Aaaaaaaaaaggh!!!
Chase after that Mandibuzz!
MANDIBUZZ: Mandii!
It's a mysterious rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
The rock seems too hard to break.
The rock has lost all of its luster.
ALEXANDRA: Thank you again, Ren. If it weren't for you, I don't think I would've...
REINA: I've been meaning to ask, but what happened down there?
If that's not rude or anything...
ALEXANDRA: No, it's okay... I was waiting for Kanon and \PN to show up.
But then soon after this guy appeared and said that he had Kanon and \PN hostage in the Voidal Chasm.
I didn't want to involve my brother because he already doesn't trust me...
So I went on my own and I was attacked by a man riding a floating... skateboard?
REINA: That sounds, um, kinda fake.
REN: Reina!
REINA: I'm sorry, but it does!
ALEXANDRA: I know it sounds strange, but... ouch!
REN: Are you really okay, Alexandra?
ALEXANDRA: I'm fine... I'm just a little winded is all.
I'm going to go back to the village... Please come by when you can...
REINA: Is it really okay to let her go by herself like that?
REN: She'll be okay. I don't think that guy will come back.
REINA: And what about you?
Ren, I've been looking everywhere for you.
REN: ...
I left because I had to get out of Goldenleaf Town.
Between everyone in the town and Narcissa... I was no longer interested in being a citizen.
REINA: Why didn't you take me with you? I would've went!
REN: I know...
REN: But um, Reina, there's something I need to tell you.
It's probably better I tell you myself than letting \PN out me.
REINA: What...? What is it?
REN: I might've... joined Team Xen... At some... point?
REINA: Hahah, that's funny. But really what is it?
REINA: You're not... joking? But...
Why would you join some criminal creeps like Team Xen?
REINA: I... I don't even know what to say to you.
I wanted to believe in you, but this... this is just too upsetting.
REN: I know you're upset, but I have my reasons.
REN: You have to just trust me on this one.
REINA: How can I trust you after you go and do something like this?
REN: I'm heading to Sashila Village. Alexandra wanted me to visit her.
It sounded like she wanted to talk to you too, \PN.
I'll meet you there.
REINA: ...
CARRIER: Do you need a ride? I'm on my way to the Sashila Village.
CARRIER: Let's get on with it then!
MUDSDALE: Moouud!
Alrighty then!
It's very rare to see anyone, let alone children, in these parts.
What is your business here in the Badlands? Surely you are not from here?
I bet you're looking for treasure, aren't you? Ho ho ho, you can't hide anything from a bone fide treasure hunter like myself!
"Voidal Chasm: DO NOT ENTER!!!"
Hey... I'm not sure how I got here? I'm going to take out my confusion on you!
I left my confusion, but now I'm filled with rage.
Maybe one day I'll find a way out of this place...
REINA: This is a desert?!
HUEY: I know I'm not a huge geography buff, but I'm pretty sure we're far from the city...
REN: There's only one place in Aevium that has a vast desert like this one.
We're in the middle of the Badlands, it seems.
HUEY: Th-The Badlands?!
I've heard stories about this place... It's riddled with thugs and thieves...
REN: Maybe it used to be a place like that... But that's not really the case anymore.
You know, that just shows how ignorant people are beyond the Badlands.
But perhaps that's for the best, considering what happened to Alamissa...
REINA: Alamissa? Who's that?
REN: Uh... Alamissa isn't a person, but I'm sure you'll learn more about that.
Anyway, I know someone in a village south-west from here.
They should be able to bring you back to the city.
After that, I'll be off again.
REINA: If you say so... C'mon guys...
Huh? Where did you come from? The Voidal Chasm?
If you came from the Voidal Chasm, then you're lucky you got out.
Most people who fall in, don't always get the chance to climb out.
If you're out here that means you're decent at battling. So?
Wow, you lived up to that reputation for sure!.
Hey, haven't I seen you before? Aren't you that, um, um... I can't remember.
Something is glowing from within this rock...
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Yes
No
[Map374]
Locked.
\ts[2]I love you all... I love you all... Please... Don't.... Don't...
DRIVER: Would you like me to drive you to Hiyoshi City?
DRIVER: Let's hit the road!
Come see me whenever you need a lift!
REN: Yes please!
GUARD: I'm sorry, the northern part of the city is reserved for people working on the festival.
Come back in a few weeks when the festival is open to the public!
???: *Sob*...*Sob*...
REN: Everyone's so sad in the past... The economy must be really bad here.
REN: This weather is actually insane. What's going on here?!
...Something's going to happen, and it's not going to be good.
"To our dear friend, Ana. May you rest peacefully forever."
"Vacation home | We're off on a school trip! Please come back later!"
We were supposed to be friends for life.
\ts[1]F....ri......e.....n.....d....s....f...o....r......
\ts[1]We promised.... We promised... We promised...
\ts[1]We promised.... We promised... We promised...\^
\ts[1]All of us... All of us... All of us...
\ts[1]Everyone! Let's go for a swim! We can stay in all night if we wanna!
\ts[1]Kee.p....it.....to...g..e.th...e.r.....
Kee.p....it.....to...g..e.th...e.r.....\^
WE HAVE TO KEEP IT TOGEHTHERHEREG\^
REN: \PN?! Where are you?
REN: \PN!??
REN: What's wrong?! What happened? C'mon, talk to me!
???: I'm afraid that one is out like a candlestick at dawn's peak.
REN: You... You did this to \PN!
???: Let's not jump the gun. I had nothing to do with this.
It's not my fault they reacted the way they did.
Though,\| keeping repressed memories like that really isn't healthy.
Messes up your psyche and all that, you know? No one ever cares about mental health.
REN: Liar! Shut your mouth!
GRENINJA: Grena!
???: Keep those claws hidden, kitty cat. You may cut someone.
But if a scratching board's all you need, I'm welcome to oblige.
Though I'm a scratching board that scratches back, so be careful!
You done yet? Kitty cat?
REN: What is your problem?! Why did you send us here?!
???: Why so mad? And here I thought you'd be appreciative.
This is a pretty nice spot, isn't it? \v[12] surely thought so.
REN: Don't talk about \v[12]! You don't have the right!
It's your fault we're all in this mess in the first place!
REN: Urghh...
???: It's my fault? Is that so?\| Look who's talking.
I'm not the one wearing that disgraceful uniform.
REN: Arghh...
???: And to think that this cat thought he was worth something.
You're just playing a game you never owned.
A party you weren't invited to.
So then tell me, why are you lot here? All of a sudden?
REN: What are you talking about?
???: I'm talking about fate, kiddo.
Everything's on a predetermined path.\| At least, that's how it's supposed to be.
Maybe you should ask your unconscious friend over there.
REN: You're talking nonsense. You're a psychopath.
???: Call me what you want. I know what fate has in store for me.
Or at least, I did.
We'll speak again, kitty cat, but for now, I gotta dip.
REN: Don't run away from me, you bastard...
???: Ciao!
REN: Ugh... This isn't over, you freak.
Once I get my friend to the hospital... I'll come after you.
Let's get you out of here, buddy.
Yes
No
[Map375]
REN: So... Is Nymiera here?
ANJU: She should be... Hazuki, could you fetch her for us?
HAZUKI: That won't be necessary, Lady Anju. It seems she's on her way now.
NYMIERA: Ah, company! Welcome, welcome yes, welcome!
ANJU: Nymiera, it's good to see you again!
NYMIERA: It's good to see you too, Hazuki.
HAZUKI: I have completed my task. Lady Anju has been safely escorted from Kugearen to Hiyoshi.
NYMIERA: Thank you very much, Hazuki. You may go see your date now.
HAZUKI: I-It is not a date! I am... simply speaking to someone... I...
NYMIERA: You're gonna be late if you keep trying to clarify.
HAZUKI: Y-Yes! I shall be on my way!
NYMIERA: Now for my precious guests! What can I do for you all today?
REN: So you're Nymiera, huh...?
NYMIERA: Yes, that would be me!
REN: You have a very interesting apartment.
NYMIERA: I know, I know, it's kind of a mess, but I'm a messy person by nature!
What's a broke artist to do? I can't clean up yet, I have projects I have to start and never finish!
REINA: You can say that again.
HUEY: So you're an artist? What do you do? Paint? Sculpt?
NYMIERA: I gotta make money somehow, you know?
Being an artist technically is my main occupation, but I'm more of a self imposed vagabond.
This is my primary place of residency, but it wouldn't be unheard of to catch me in say... Hoenn? Johto? Oh, Sinnoh, that's my favorite.
Visiting ruins and seeing old culture makes me happy. It makes me feel...\| nostalgic.
HUEY: Ruins make you nostalgic? That's a first!
REN: Anyway, we're sort of in a predicament. A problem that expands across time, I guess.
We were thrown into this time without any way of returning.
You wouldn't happen to know a way back, would you?
NYMIERA: You... Were forcibly thrown into this time?
If something like that were to happen, it's because time itself requires you to be here.
That's just the way it goes, so it seems.
REINA: So... you're not gonna help us?
NYMIERA: It's not that I won't help you, but...
If you all just continue your lives here, eventually a way back will be presented to you.
Do you understand?
HUEY: So we just gotta be patient then?
NYMIERA: That's very correct.
REN: I gotta admit, that wasn't the answer I was looking for...
NYMIERA: Hm... If that's the case, I suppose I could get more intensive help.
Kanon, could you please come here for a moment?
HUEY: G-Gyaahh!!
H-How did you just appear out of nowhere like that? That was so cool!
KANON: Master Nymiera summoned me. That's all there is to it.
KANON: What can I do for you, Master?
REINA: M-Master? What's going on between you two?
KANON: I am Nymiera's humble servant. My sole purpose in life is to serve her.
After all, that's why I was born.
HUEY: You were born to serve? That's kind of harsh...
NYMIERA: Sigh... No matter how many times I tell him he doesn't have to serve me, he won't listen.
KANON: But... That's why I was created in the first place... All I know is to serve.
NYMIERA: This must sound very weird without context but...
Technically speaking, Kanon isn't exactly a human being.
He-
KANON: I was a being created by a Garufan spell.
I am what you would call a "maid", however I'm sort of a special case.
I was created with a personality in mind, and therefore, I didn't come out the way...\| I was supposed to.
This is not something that happens very often. It's a rare occurrence.
HUEY: I'm not sure how to reply...
KANON: A reply won't be necessary. I was simply explaining my origin.
Nymiera, an interesting tidbit, but it seems that Huey here knows me from the time he is from.
Does that... Mean anything to you?
NYMIERA: ...
It's nothing we should try and wrap our heads around now.
As for why I called you here-
KANON: You would like me to find a way to send these people back to their home, correct?
NYMIERA: You're always one step ahead of me, Kanon. That's exactly it.
KANON: I shall search for an alternate passage through time.
Though I must say, this task definitely is on the more difficult side.
I must ask that you forgive me. It may take some time to accomplish.
REN: Of course, thanks Kanon.
KANON: I bid you all adieu.
HUEY: That's still so freaky.
NYMIERA: Like Kanon said, there's going to be a bit of time before anything turns up. If anything does at all.
You are all welcome to rest here until that time comes.
REINA: Ohmigosh, thank goodness. I was ready to pass out.
REN: I guess we all could use a bit of rest.
ANJU: Um, Nymiera, there's a matter I wished to speak to you about.
NYMIERA: It's about Vivian, isn't it?
ANJU: I-
NYMIERA: I...\| I already know. I don't wish to speak about it at this time.
ANJU: Understood. In that case, I shall take a stroll through the city.
NYMIERA: Okay. I'll be here, as usual.
NYMIERA: Please... Make yourself at home!
ANJU: And I had a custom heirloom made for my family and I on Kristiline Island.
Hopefully my son will like it when he grows up.
REN: Everyone, we need to talk!
NYMIERA: Oh? Ren? What is it?
REN: It's Kanon, he's been captured!
HAZUKI: C-Captured? Shall I go search for him?
NYMIERA: That won't be necessary. Kanon will appear when I call for him.
Kanon, please appear. I request your assistance.
ANJU: He's not appearing.
REN: You see? We have to go look for him right now!
NYMIERA: No, you don't understand. Kanon should be able to warp himself here.
No matter what the constraint...
Ren, who, or what exactly captured Kanon?
REN: I couldn't exactly make it out, but I believe it was this red Gardevoir?
ANJU: Nymiera, could it be the same one I mentioned before?
The one that... attacked Vivian?
NYMIERA: Gghh.... Ghh...
HAZUKI: Lady Nymiera, are you doing okay?
NYMIERA: Y-Yes, everything is fine. Please, everyone wait for me outside.
HAZUKI: Understood, my lady.
Everyone, let's make our way out of here.
NYMIERA: Why...?
I've tried so hard to move on from that time. I thought you did, too.
After I thought you found a wife and finally settled down...
You won't give up. You've never given up. Not once.
And you know something? I can't blame you, either.
NYMIERA: How many times have I tried to forget the past?
But it's something you can't forget. It's etched into the hearts of each and every person on this planet.
The past has a funny way of creeping up on you.
But that's just how destiny works, right?\| The end is near.
And I will be the one to end it. Once and for all.
For everyone who has died by your hands,\| Vitus!
Were you even thinking of your citizens?! What would we do if things went south?
RECEPTIONIST: I'm sorry, but Mayor Rafael isn't accepting any visitors today.
He's getting ready for his presentation later today! Be sure to check out the central square soon!
REN: I think Nymiera said something about the back of a bookcase?
REN: Whoa, a staircase just opened up! I think you found what Nymiera was talking about, \PN.
HUEY: Let's go!!
HUEY: These pictures are kinda weird, aren't they?
They kinda look like they tell a story, but I'm not too sure how.
NYMIERA: Oh, those pictures...
NYMIERA: It seems that way because it does tell a story.
A bit of a long one.
HUEY: Oh, could you tell us about it? I'm really curious!
NYMIERA: Oh... I suppose that can be done.
HUEY: You seem reluctant. It's okay if you don't wanna.
NYMIERA: No, it's okay. It's a story that should be told.
It's not exactly a happy story, but it's history.
Would you like to hear it? It's a little long, but I believe we have time.
NYMIERA: Okay... Let's begin.
NYMIERA: That's fine. Please come talk to me whenever you're ready.
HUEY: Please hurry, \PN! I want to hear the story!
HUEY: Please hurry \PN! I want to hear the story!
HUEY: Holy crap, I'm getting chills... That was an awesome story, Nymiera!
NYMIERA: Yes, it truly is... something.
REINA: The event described in those paintings... Did it happen to be the Great Pokemon War?
NYMIERA: ...Yes, I'm very impressed by your knowledge, Reina!
Although the first Pokemon war was mentioned, I never mentioned the overall event it grew into.
HUEY: Did you paint this? It looks like your style.
NYMIERA: Yep... One lonely afternoon turned into a bunch of paintings.
That seems to happen a lot around here.
HUEY: Gyaahh!! Stop doing that!
KANON: Forgive me, I find too much joy in your screams of terror.
HUEY: That's so mean...
NYMIERA: Kanon, have you found anything?
KANON: Please forgive my incompetence, Lady Nymiera.
I was unable to complete my mission due to interference.
NYMIERA: ...Interference?
KANON: It's quite embarrassing, but a certain individual seems certainly fond of me.
At every turn, there they were, to stop me in my tracks.
And of course, I don't exactly have a way of defending myself...
NYMIERA: That is troubling...
Hm... I can't have you being stalked by some creep without any form of protection.
Please take this Salamence. He is my dear friend. He shall protect you.
KANON: I am honored, Lady Nymiera. I will guard this beast with my life.
In that case, I shall be off once more.
REN: Wait, Kanon... Could you give us some info on this shady person?
REINA: Yeah! Maybe we can help in some way! That way you wouldn't even need protection!
KANON: I appreciate the sentiment. The fellow was very...\| peculiar.
He had tech I've never seen before. It looked like he was levitating on some piece of metal?
HUEY: That sounds a lot like...
REINA: That guy from...
REN: Alamissa...
Kanon, where was the last time you saw this person?
KANON: It was on Route 5, but I doubt they're still there.
They've been tailing me for a while, I'm certain they've relocated.
I actually have an idea I'd like to present.
Perhaps I can act as bait? Out of all options it seems that this one gives the highest chance of success.
NYMIERA: I don't really approve of using yourself as bait, but if you think it's effective...
Please do so, but of course, be careful.
KANON: Of course.
I shall be waiting at the central square.
REN: Alright, everyone! We're moving out. Let's catch this bastard.
REINA: What's this crystal? It's so pretty!
HUEY: Is it okay for us to go through Nymiera's room? I feel bad.
GLORIA: Hippooopootototototoapotoo.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
HUEY: This is weird, but I love secret passages like this!
When I get my own place, I'm putting a secret room behind a bookcase for sure.
REINA: Something with the bookcase, right? Is this it?
REN: This symbol... These are the keys from the Reborn Region, isn't it?
Nastasia gave me a whole crash course about that place.
Maybe one day I'll get to go there.
A rock fell on my leg during the rock slide! Now I have to get a cast!
REN: Huh...? Nymiera clearly wanted us to see this crystal, but what is it?
HUEY: Maybe we can take a trip back to the lake after everything's settled!
REN: Maybe one day, Huey.
DAVID: Don't be a stranger! We appreciate your time!
My mother was hurt during a tremor... I'm very worried for her well being.
There's a switch on the back of the bookcase!
Press it?
\PN pushed the switch!
I came to this city for a week because of work, but now I guess I'm here until they clear the roads.
REINA: Ren if you get hurt, I'll kill you.
REN: What? How is that fair?
REINA: Hehehe...
???: Whoa, it's been a while since someone's come to visit us.
???: Yes, David. It's been so long since the bridge was destroyed.
DAVID: Wait, Helena, that's not true. What about those two children that visited us?
HELENA: Ah yes... Forgive me, my memory betrays me.
Their names were... Reina and Huey, right? Very nice children.
DAVID: We don't have much, but we do appreciate your time.
Please take this postcard of Gregorian Lake as a token of our appreciation!
DAVID: Don't be a stranger!
Adrest... Is that you?
NYMIERA: Adrest, it is you, isn't it?\| Don't you remember me?
NYMIERA:\ts[1] Adrest, wait!
I wonder if they ever caught that rogue doctor?
Doctor Isiah did horrible things to people and refused to pay the price for it.
They still haven't found him, so I'm worried about the people of Hiyoshi.
MAYOR: Looks like this is the end for us, Gloria my dear.
GLORIA: Hipopo...
MAYOR: I appreciate the attempt, but you're still just a baby, Gloria.
MAYOR: Thomas?!
THOMAS: Geez. I can't believe they still have you locked up over nothing.
Public unrest should not be underestimated.
MAYOR: For once I think I'm glad to see your disgusting face, Thomas.
Now get me out of here!
THOMAS: Of course.
THOMAS: Tinker with this... then that...\| and....
THOMAS: That should do it.
THOMAS: C'mon, Pokemon firs-
THOMAS: Wait... Is that...?
MAYOR: What are you doing?
THOMAS: No way... It is!
MAYOR: Augh!
MAYOR: Blakeory! What is the meaning of this?!
THOMAS: The Grand Dream City project will change the world, sir.
And it's just what Blakeory Co. needs to get secure success in the future.
Sorry, Mr. Mayor, but I'll make your dreams come true.
MAYOR: Is this really worth success?! Are you that controlled by money?!
THOMAS: Blakeory Co. already went through hell after the Miera Nuclear Plants went down.
We're on the brink of bankruptcy.
If I don't do this, there won't be a future for us.
So please, take one for the team. Sorry, Mr. Mayor.
GLORIA: H-Hipopoa!
MAYOR: G-Go, Gloria. Don't stay here. You'll only get hurt.
Find shelter. Everything's gonna be okay. Got it?
GLORIA: Hipoa...
MAYOR: Sandra...\| Deydra... Please be safe. I love you both.
My time is up.
HELENA: Huey and Reina had some of my apple cakes.
Huey's hunger is ravenous! He ate all of it! I'm sorry I don't have a slice for you.
NYMIERA: It's very relaxing to just sit at home and paint your troubles away.
All of us have something we want to run away from, but sometimes that something is just too fast.
Our past comes to catch us all eventually.
NYMIERA: Would you like to listen to my story?
Things are getting a bit crazy around here. Thinkin' about taking the next ferry to Hoenn!
NYMIERA: Please do be careful. Things seem to be getting... strange.
You noticed how there aren't any trainers on Route 5?
That's because people don't want to get slammed with rocks from Mt. Valor.
We're going to keep you in here for everything you haven't done!
MAYOR: T-This is insane! Please release me!
NURSE: Welcome to the Hiyoshi Hospital! If you need any medical attention, we're here for you!
NURSE: \v[12] will be fine. They just need to rest for a bit.
REN: Hey, I just wanted to know how \v[12] is doing?
NURSE: They're stabilizing quite nicely. It won't be long until they finally wake up.
REN: That's good to hear. Alright, thank you.
HUEY: Heyyy Ren, how's it going?
REN: Oh, Huey, Reina! I was looking for you two.
Things are getting serious around here. And you know what I said before.
If things get too rough out here, I want you two to stay out of it.
REINA: You expect me to-
REN: And of course you two won't do that. So there's no point in fighting.
I'd like to ask for your help one final time.
HUEY: Always, dude! What do you need from us?
REN: I need you two to help look for an underground base.
Have you guys seen anything like that?
REINA: No not really, but we saw some really weird people at this lake Huey and I went to.
HUEY: Oh yeah! You're talking about those maids at Gregorian Lake, right?
REINA: Yep, they were just waiting around like they were waiting for something.
HUEY: I don't think there's any reason to go there anymore, though.
I saw them both return to the city eventually. Maybe they're still around somewhere?
REN: I see... I guess I'll check around for suspicious looking maids then, thanks.
HUEY: We'll wait for \v[12] to finally wake up. You do whatever you gotta do.
NURSE: You really shouldn't be out of bed, but we can't really stop you, so...
REN: Guys, we found the underground base!
Nymiera and the others have already ventured underground.
REINA: Great! Where is it?
REN: South of the Commercial District. You can't really miss it.
HUEY: Flareon is ready for some fighting! Let's go!
REN: You guys go on ahead first. I'll be right behind you.
REN: I'm sorry for asking again, but how is \v[12] doing?
NURSE: \v[12] is still sleeping. Despite stabilizing, it seems they aren't ready to wake up yet.
REN: Okay, thanks...
REN:\ts[1] \v[12]...\| Why won't you wake up?
I don't know what it is, but I have an extremely bad feeling about all of this.
But when you do wake up, I hope you come through for us.
REN: How's \v[12] doing? Is it serious?
NURSE: Your friend is doing fine. They just passed out due to exhaustion.
They're resting now, but once they're up they can leave immediately.
REN: Great, I'll be back later to check on things.
HUEY: Is \v[12] okay?? Tell me they're okay. I'm gonna puke. Christ I'm gonna puke.
REN: P-Please don't puke... \v[12] is going to be fine.
They weren't hurt or anything.
\PN's just gonna rest for a bit. In the meantime, we're going to lay low while Kanon finds a way back for us.
REINA: That's a relief... \v[12] being okay, I mean. That was scary.
This sucks, though... What are we gonna do while we wait?
REN: I'm sure there are things to do around the city. You guys time traveled several decades and you're still bored, jeez.
HUEY: Haha, yeah! If you think about it... Most people here are either old or dead!
Isn't that just hilarious?!
REINA: Oh...
REN: Oh...
HUEY: Ohh... Did I fail with that joke?
REINA: Only a little. The shock factor was entertaining.
REN: Alright, that's enough from you two. I'm gonna head out for a bit.
REINA: Let us come with you!
REN: That's a n-n-n-n-n-no from me, sis. Just hang out with Huey or something.
REINA: But-
REN: Stay. Here. Reina. I mean it.
REINA: Fine.
NURSE: \PN, you're finally up!
This is great news. Your friends will be so happy when they-
NURSE: E-Excuse me, what are you doing? You can't get up just yet!
You need to rest for a few more day-
SANDRA: Let my Dad go!! Let him go!
Welcome to Hiyoshi City!
HUEY: Who's my wittle bittle wittle fwaweon, you are! YOU ARE.
Who wants to explore the past with Huey? You do. YOU DO.
FLAREON: Flaaoo!
REINA: You're such a dork, you know that? In the best way, though.
HUEY: I can't help it that my Flareon is just so cute.
ANJU: I do appreciate your love of Pokemon, Huey!
It's nice to know that there are children out there who still truly love their Pokemon.
After all, battling is only one part of Pokemon.
Ah, but Hazuki, please proceed.
HAZUKI: Nymiera's house is kept hidden for reasons that are confidential.
However, just because you don't know about something, doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
HAZUKI: Everyone, please follow me over to this corner.
HUEY: Return!
HAZUKI: This wall looks and feels like a regular wall.
But if you push with a little bit of force, and...
ANJU: Let's go everyone.
I'm sure Nymiera's awaiting our arrival.
BELLA: That mob locked my husband in a cell...
I won't forgive them for this! I'm calling the authorities!
REINA: Huh... I feel like I've seen that symbol somewhere before.
Like in one of my old novels or something? Still, it's kinda spooky to look at.
Yawn... I should get up and use the PC to bring out that new Pokemon I caught, but I'm lazy.
I couldn't find the Pokemon I needed. Maybe I got hacked or something.
REN: Hey, Nymiera. What are you doing?
NYMIERA: Hello, Ren. I'm just... doing some reading.
Certain things have re-piqued my interest in history again.
By the way, Ren... Have you noticed anything weird about \v[12]?
REN: \v[12]? Hm... Besides the fact that they're kinda quiet, nothing really.
Speaking of \v[12], they're in the hospital right now.
NYMIERA: Oh that's terrible! What happened?
REN: I just found them collapsed on the floor. The doctors claimed it was exhaustion.
NYMIERA: Exhaustion...? I'm sorry, Ren, but I have to go.
REN: What was that about?
Find a way to get us off this stupid island!
REN: This crystal... it's so weird.
REINA: I think it's real pretty. What's weird about it?
REN: I don't mean weird appearance wise. More of its placement.
It's just in the middle of the room, as if Nymiera wanted us to find it.
\PN explained the use of the Timesplicer Crystal.
HUEY: Wait... so we can use this to get back to the present time?
Hey, if that's true, that means Nymiera had something for us this whole time!
Kanon never even had to go out of his way to find something!
REN: Yeah... you're right...
I wonder what else she was hiding from us?
Huh? What's this?
REN: Wait a minute... This book says "To Ren" on the top.
Nymiera wrote this for me?
REINA: Well? What does it say?
REN: ...
REN: I don't mean to sound rude, but I can't tell you that.
Nymiera has specifically asked that I do not discuss what's in this book.
REINA: Well that's rude anyway.
REN: Sorry, I just want to respect her wishes.
So about this crystal. How do we get it to work?
HUEY: I dunno! Let's touch it!
REINA: Hey, that worked! Touch, touch, touch!
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
Can you wait? It's my turn to use the PC.
Listen in
Maybe later.
Yes
No
[Map376]
DALE: Oh? A visitor?
Welcome to Yui's Ranch!
Yui was my daughter. She used to own this ranch before she passed.
Now my granddaughter Beth has stepped up as the owner.
I hope you enjoy your visit and our delicious MooMoo Milk!
DALE: Please enjoy your visit!
MILTANK: Moo....
GOGOAT: Gouuu!
Something weird's been going on lately. Some of our Miltank have gone missing...
We have no idea where they've gone, but if we don't get them back soon we're going to go under...
Thank goodness the Miltank have returned! We can move on with our work now!
It looks like there's a note from Dr. Jenkel...
Read it?
"DRJENKEL: Dear Ben, I'm very very sorry for taking your Miltank.
They just... looked so succulent. So tasty. So I ate them.
Nah, I'm just kidding. I just wanted someone to talk to! They're very good listeners.
Debrah, my favorite Miltank, wants to be a hairdresser when she grows up.
I mean, imagine... Imagine the potential she has. Give her the chance. Let her go to college.
ok bye."
???: ...Wait, you look like a really strong trainer.
Please, will you help me?!
???: I don't know if you already know this, but our Miltank have been mysteriously disappearing.
And I think I can stop things, but I'll need the help of a strong trainer.
Beth is strong, but she thinks I'm making things up.
Anyone else just thinks I'm crazy. Please help me!
???: Thank you! By the way, my name is Ben!
BEN: Actually, if I'm being honest, I saw what happened to our Miltank first hand.
It happens at night...\c[6] They come at night.
They come and steal our Miltank...\| Who are they, you ask?
Meet me at the barn east of here. We'll talk more there.
Meet me at the barn east of here at night. We'll talk more there.
???: Tch... Alright, I understand...
CARETAKER: Mima is sick-- She'll need lots of Sitrus Berries.
CARETAKER: Thank you for curing Mima's sickness!
CARETAKER: Hopefully Mima becomes very strong with you as its trainer.
BEN: Oh, \PN! You've come at the right time!
Dinner's about to be ready. Do you want to join us? Perhaps you'd even like to invite a friend?
Invite whom?
TAUROS: Tauro!
CARETAKER: I'm sorry, but until we figure out where our Miltank have gone-- The store's closed.
CARETAKER: Mima is better because of you! Thank you!
CARETAKER: Mima will be better in your hands.
BEN: Hi \PN! How are you doing?
Things are going well here now that our Miltank are back.
Thank you again!
Its cry is weak...
Feed Miltank a Sitrus Berry?
Miltank ate the Sitrus Berry! It feels a little bit better!
MILTANK: Moo!
CARETAKER: It looks like Mima is better! It looks like it's raring with energy!
Perhaps it will feel better if you feed it Sitrus Berries?
CARETAKER: Mima has been wanting to battle you ever since you gave it all those Sitrus Berries.
Perhaps it would be better if it went with you?
Mima's a feisty one, though. She won't go down without a battle.
Mima is awaiting a response.
BEN: You made it! Thank you so much, \PN!
I don't suppose you've noticed those dummy Miltanks outside?
I put those there as bait for \c[6]them.
BEN: They're here! They're here!
BEN: Please go take care of them!
BETH: Oh, hello \PN!
I'm just preparing dinner for the rest of the family.
My mother used to make us dinner before she passed away.
I think about her everytime I'm in this kitchen, I swear.
May God bless her soul.
Yes
No
Wait what?
I'll help
Erin
Melia
Huey&Reina
Goomink
Battle Mima
No thanks
[Map377]
REPORTER: Cassandra! It seems you are completely unharmed!
How did you escape the attack on the Grand Dream Ball?
CASSANDRA: Ohohoho... That? I wouldn't worry about that.
What we must focus on are our victims, and bringing justice to Bladestar and their Leader, Flora Grevillea.
All of the Bladestar members that tried to take over the Judicial District have been successfully apprehended.
Currently we are on the search for Flora. We have no leads on that right now, but our investigation team is hard at work.
My daughter has been missing for quite some time and I'm getting worried!
Someone please bring home my dear sweet Anabella back!
Why did I have to be positioned here out of all places?
This isn't what I signed up for.
...Ah, but what a moment for you to find me in.
I am in a state of despair...completely and utterly hopeless.
You see, this wall here is completely empty. No beautiful pieces of art adorn its surface.
What to do...What to do...
If you find a piece of art that will fit and compliment this wall nicely, then please tell me.
If you find a piece of art that will fit and perfectly compliment this wall, then tell me!
What's that?! Someone is considering selling me a one of a kind painting?
Th-This sounds like the opportunity of a lifetime!
Where do I go then?
I see! The Art Gallery is it? All right. I'm off!
Floor?
My son Timothy has been missing for a couple of days now.
I'm not leaving this apartment until the police find him...
It's been a hard couple of days for my wife and I.
Our son has gone missing and we just don't know what to do.
It's strange, but both of the tenants of this apartment have missing children.
Usually we keep people in this building if they need extra protection, but...
We're sort of concerned that they themselves may go missing if not looked after.
OFFICER: Keep your eyes peeled, kid. Crime is located at every corner.
We do our best to keep this city's crime to a minimum.
23rd Floor
None
Ground Floor
46th Floor
[Map378]
OFFICER: We arrested some Bladestar Grunts yesterday.
We're going to interrogate them soon, but the one interrogating them is such a lazy person.
He better not screw this up.
INMATE: Did you hear about what happened at Axis High?
INMATE 2: I sure did... That distortion warped the school into another world!
INMATE: Yeah, and people didn't come out unscathed...
Three students, a teacher, and the Headmistress died.
And get this, one of the students was that famous star! Risa Raider!
INMATE 2: That's insane... I really liked her stuff.
INMATE: But also the teacher that died was the missing woman, Rune...
INMATE 2: Damn... Anyway, do you think we could've escaped if that distortion got all the way here?
INMATE: ...Oh definitely. Shame.
FLORA: Goddamnit...\| Why...?
Rune...\| You didn't deserve this.
I'm sorry.
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Guardia.
More info on Code: Guardia is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
BEATRICE: Uh... Hello? Do you need to talk with this officer?
I'm sorry, but that'll have to wait...
Some thief stole my precious Pokemon while I was ordering food for us.
OFFICER: Yes, about that... What did the thief look like?
BEATRICE: I'm not sure... They just seemed like any other kid.
OFFICER: Do you know which direction they ran off in?
BEATRICE: It looked like he was running towards Grand Dream Station...
They could honestly be anywhere at this point.
OFFICER: Well, the Gearen City tram is out of service while we conduct our investigations with the broken track.
So that could only mean that they're still in the city or Route 9.
BEATRICE: I'm sorry to ask this of you, but could you go look for this person?
I can't afford to stay in this city for much longer. I have a Festival to prepare for.
BEATRICE: Ah, you came back at last! The young man who stole my Pokemon returned!
He said that a trainer bested him in battle and forced him to return what he stole.
I'm assuming that was you, no? Well, even if that wasn't the case, I'm happy.
I suppose I will head back home now! Goodbye!
OFFICER: Oh, aren't you that trainer that took on Officer Jenny's request? But... you canceled it, didn't you? Don't worry, some jobs are just too big
for one person.
Especially for Officer Jenny. That's why she ended up in the hospital.
Huh? You didn't hear? Turns out she was so tired that she fell and hit her head!
She's at the Hospital of Hope if you want to go see her.
As for me, I have to go finish up some work. So I'll be on my way. Bye!
OFFICER: People who are disobedient are brought here for punishment.
Make sure to follow the rules, kid!
This data file contains the data for Code: Feris.
More info on Code: Feris is located in the Rift Dex.
OFFICER: Yes, yes, you're here to claim your items, right?
Do it and get out already. I have naps I need to take.
This data file contains the data for Code: Corroso.
More info on Code: Corroso is located in the Rift Dex.
JENNY: Hello, I'm the Officer Jenny of the Judicial District.
I would love to talk more, but I'm afraid I'm busy with... a serious problem.
Such a serious problem that I don't believe just the police force will be able to solve it.
I posted a help request at the Central Building, but no one has accepted it yet.
Hopefully someone will soon.
JENNY: Are you the one who accepted my Help Request?
Good, we're going to need all the help we can get.
Before I continue, I have to check if you're good enough for the job.
Hand over your Trainer Card, please.
Well, I suppose this'll do for now.
Okay, so whether you know it or not, children are being abducted from their homes.
We have absolutely no idea who is behind this. So we're going to have you do some snooping.
We've gotten word that there are frequent gatherings around PokeStar Studios.
We're going to need you to head on down there and see what you can find.
I'll let you go now, but remember that this is a very important mission.
Any time wasted may prove to bring unfortunate consequences.
JENNY: We'll need you to investigate the small gatherings that have been happening around PokeStar Studios.
Please work diligently and with no time to waste.
OFFICER: This whole turning to stone thing really gives me the heeby jeebies.
I mean, how is that even possible?
This data file contains the data for Code: Evo.
More info on Code: Evo is located in the Rift Dex.
Floor?
OFFICER: Welcome to the official Police Department station!
Be aware that ignorance to any law in Grand Dream City is not an excuse for any wrongdoing!
T-That parcel! It's for Officer Jenny!
I'll be taking that then!
OFFICER: Welcome...z...Z...z...
That..z..z..z...Parcel....Jenny....Thanks...
This data file contains the data for Code: Materna.
More info on Code: Materna is located in the Rift Dex.
OFFICER: Had to arrest some punk kid who thought throwing eggs was a good pastime.
Don't worry, I'm only arresting him for the day.
This data file contains the data for Code: Statia.
More info on Code: Statia is located in the Rift Dex.
1 - Ground Floor
B2 - Visitor's Lobby
None.
B1 - Lost and Found
[Map379]
Locked.
Floor?
I'm sorry, but no one is allowed past this point unless you have an appointment.
O-Oh! Are you \PN?
You have an appointment with Cassandra, correct?
Please make your way to the top floor. Her office is the door to the far left.
MADELIS: ...
CASSANDRA: Who is it~?
MADELIS: ...It's me.
CASSANDRA: Oooh! Please come in!
MADELIS: Hey, I'm-
CASSANDRA: Lock the door.
MADELIS: It is locked.
CASSANDRA: Good.
CASSANDRA: It's good to see you again, Madelis...
MADELIS: Is it really? Hmph.
CASSANDRA: I was so surprised when I got Nastasia's call from HQ.
High and mighty Madelis was demoted from her Admin status! Oh no!
Serves you right if you ask me.
MADELIS: Well then it's a good thing no one asked you!
CASSANDRA: Cheeky as always, Maddie. You haven't changed at all!
MADELIS: Neither have you.
CASSANDRA: Mmm, but that's not all true?
I mean, after all, I'm your new boss, right?
CASSANDRA: Aw, what's with the long face?
Smile for me, Maddie. This is a momentous occassion.
MADELIS: Piss off.
CASSANDRA: Hmm... What was that thing Madame X said?
"If Madelis does not perform to your expectations, even slightly, give me the call."
I paraphrased of course, but that's pretty much what she said, right?
MADELIS: It might've been something like that.
CASSANDRA: Right! So do as I say. Smile.
I said...Smile.
CASSANDRA: Ah, love, that wasn't so hard now, was it?
You should smile. Be happy that you're still functional.
At least you're not Geara...
MADELIS: ...You know what happened to Geara?
CASSANDRA: Well of course I know what happened to Geara.
MADELIS: Tell me!
CASSANDRA: Who are you talking to? I sure hope you aren't demanding orders from ME.
CASSANDRA: Say I wanted to transfer files to this USB.
MADELIS: Um...okay?
CASSANDRA: You see the progress bar? Files are being transferred over.
But, oh no! I unplugged it before it was finished!
MADELIS: What does this have to do with anything...?
CASSANDRA: What happens to the files in this situation?
MADELIS: Well, in most cases, the files become corrupt and stop working.
CASSANDRA: Exactly! You can pick up the pieces from there.
Now, that aside, I can't have you lurking in this office forever.
Therefore I got you a small job to keep yourself occupied.
MADELIS: W-Wait, I'm so confused...What was that whole thing about...?
CASSANDRA: And please, change your clothes.
I cannot believe you came here to my office wearing your Xen attire.
Do you know what could've happened if I was seen talking to someone from Team Xen?
My reputation that I worked so hard to build would be shattered in seconds.
You can put on your old clothes next door.
MADELIS: M-My old clothes...? And you haven't answered my question!
CASSANDRA: Yes, your clothes from before all of this. It's been rotting away in my closet for so long.
Just take it and get out!
Hello and welcome to the District Building.
Unfortunately, if you don't have an appointment, the most you're going to see is this room.
CASSANDRA: Who is it~...?
CASSANDRA: I was so surprised when I got Neved's call from HQ.
MADELIS: It's a good thing no one asked you.
CASSANDRA: Cheeky as always, Madelis. You haven't changed at all.
Smile for me, Madelis. This is a momentous occassion.
CASSANDRA: Mmmh. What was that thing Madame X said again?
"If Madelis screws up, even a little, call me and she'll be done."
I'm paraphrasing of course, but that's the gist of it, right?
MADELIS: I suppose it went something like that.
CASSANDRA: Whatever, say I take this usb and want to transfer stuff onto it.
Look, you see the progress bar? Files are being transferred over.
But oopsie daisy! I accidentally unplugged the usb.
CASSANDRA: What happens when you take out the usb while it's undergoing file transfers?
CASSANDRA: Mhm. That's correct~.
???: Who is it~...?
???: Oooh! Please come in!
???: Lock the door.
???: Good.
???: It's good to see you again, Madelis...
MADELIS: Is it really? In that case, it's really good to see you too, Cassandra.
I said... Smile.
???: And it looks like our final guest has finally arrived!
FLORIN: Ah, we're all here now.
Cassandra, this is-
CASSANDRA: \PN, of course I know who \PN is!
You're becoming quite the popular person. Did you know that?
FLORA: Um, yeah, that's cool and all, but let's get to the point please.
CASSANDRA: Yes, I suppose. You all have something to report from beyond the walls?
FLORA: Yes, while on our walk to the Dreamyard, Florin and I have come across something...
Concerning.
CASSANDRA: Concerning you say? Oh dear...
Well? What did you find?
FLORA: We found corruption. The same corruption that's present at the Badlands.
CASSANDRA: I see... So there are barren patches located in Darchlight Woods?
ERIN: ...
FLORA: That's correct. As you can see, we'd really need to start some sort of-
CASSANDRA: Stop, Flora. We've talked about this before.
We're just not in the right situation to provide funds for the Badland Restoration Project.
You've already restored parts of the Badlands yourself, right?
What did that bring you? A forest full of toxic substances and lethality.
There's just no fixing that place, and if what you're saying is true...
It wouldn't matter anyway because we're safe inside the walls.
FLORA: But what about the people outside the walls?!
What about people trying to enter the city? They'd have to traverse through...
CASSANDRA: It'd make Grand Dream City look even more beautiful!
Plus, tourists and trainers could just get here safely by train. It's no huge concern for me.
FLORA: You're willing to- You know what?! No, I'm done!
FLORIN: Flora! Calm down!
FLORA: Talking to her is like talking to a fucking brick wall!
She doesn't care about anyone but herself!
I'm done here. Fuck her, and fuck this place.
FLORIN: I am so sorry, Cassandra. I know my sister can be a handful, but this is unprecedented.
CASSANDRA: Don't worry. A woman needs thick skin if she's going to be mayor of an entire city.
She'll see things our way someday...I just know it.
FLORIN: That aside, we have one more thing to report.
CASSANDRA: Oh? I thought you were only here for the corruption?
FLORIN: Originally we were, but we found something that needs to be brought to your attention.
While on our trip, we accidentally found our way into an abandoned Bladestar base.
CASSANDRA: And what did you find?
FLORIN: Well, \PN and I found a computer holding live footage of the entire city.
They have Mika's Caf under surveillance, The Scholar District, and even our Botanical Garden.
Unfortunately, I think someone could see us snooping through their database.
Because of this, everything was wiped before we could actually save anything.
CASSANDRA: I see...
FLORIN: Well, I found a computer holding live footage of the entire city.
I brought Erin and \PN here to talk about their experiences inside the base.
What did you two find?
ERIN: We actually didn't find anything of note.
\PN and I found a couple of boxes in the room we were searching, but they were just filled with uniform.
And like Florin said, the computers were completely erased before we found anything substantial.
You and Flora searched a room together and didn't find anything?
Hm.
So you weren't able to find anything of note?
That's so disappointing.
And what about you Erin?
ERIN: Unless you really like boxed uniforms, I don't think anything in there would've interested you.
CASSANDRA: Shame.
Well, I appreciate you all coming here. I think we've learned a lot.
Unfortunately, I have a meeting soon. I'm going to have to end this here.
Florin, tell Flora that I forgive her for her outburst.
FLORIN: Will do.
As for \PN and Erin, I appreciate you two taking the time to be here.
I hope you all have a lovely day.
???: Ah, it looks like the final guest to the party is here!
FLORIN: ...Yes, Cassandra this is-
ERIN: We can talk about \PN's growing popularity at a later time.
CASSANDRA: Yes, I suppose that's true. Have you all found something to report?
FLORIN: Yes, while Flora and I were walking around Darchlight Woods, we found something that needs attending.
CASSANDRA: Oh dear... Well, what did you find?
ERIN: Supposedly they found something called corruption.
I can't say I'm too versed in what she means by that, but the fact still stands.
CASSANDRA: What we call "corruption" is the sudden loss of vegetation and life in a given area.
It's more common in the Badlands, but to hear that it's spreading further than that is worrying.
FLORIN: Unfortunately... That's not all we found.
It turns out my sister was part of Bladestar.
I don't know what rank she is, but she seemed to be pretty high up there.
CASSANDRA: Flora is part of Bladestar? Interesting.
FLORIN: Regrettably so, yes.
CASSANDRA: We can deal with her later once we find out her trial date.
But I'm interested in what you all found in your search in more detail.
Surely something was found down there?
I wouldn't doubt that Flora had some involvement in that.
CASSANDRA: Hmph, I see.
CASSANDRA: Interesting... So Flora tried to act like she had nothing to do with that place?
Well of course she did, she's deceptive. That's not surprising in the slightest.
CASSANDRA: I see... So that's what's hiding beneath Darchlight Woods.
Interesting... Interesting indeed.
Florin, I'll contact you later regarding the status of your sister.
We'll figure out what to do with her from that point on.
FLORIN: Yes Ma'am.
CASSANDRA: Who is it...?
MADELIS: It's me again.
CASSANDRA: Ah, come in, come in!
MADELIS: I locked it like last time!
CASSANDRA: Hmph, what do you want?
If I'm remembering correctly, your shift in the Shopping District doesn't end for some time.
MADELIS: Have you lost your goddamn mind?!
CASSANDRA: Lost? My mind? Perplexing indeed.
MADELIS: You didn't tell me that \PN and their crew are walking about the city!
CASSANDRA: Yes, they are. So? Why does that concern you?
You're just some cashier who's paid by the hour.
MADELIS: ...Unfortunately so, but they don't know that!
If they saw my face, I'd be in a lot of trouble right now.
CASSANDRA: You came all this way to tell me something so uneventful?
Oh come now, Madelis. You can do better than this.
MADELIS: All I'm asking for is a little courtesy. You know anything about that?
CASSANDRA: Why should I waste my time with such meaningless requests? You? Courtesy?
I wish you'd give me that same courtesy back in Jenner's lab.
CASSANDRA: Now, if that'd be all, leave.
If you didn't know, I'm the mayor of this gigantic city.
I'm very busy and I don't have time to attend to you.
MADELIS: ...Hmph...
CASSANDRA: What is with this attitude?
No, this just won't do. Apologize.
MADELIS: Apologize? For what?
CASSANDRA: I was just going to get a sorry out of you, but now I want you to beg.
MADELIS: W-What?!
It's apparent to me that you STILL don't understand the situation.
You DON'T get to ask who, what, when, where, why?
You just DO as I say, WHEN I say it.
Now get on your knees and beg.
Unless you want me to call Madame X...
MADELIS: N-No, that won't be necessary...
P-Please, I beg for your forgive... urk...
CASSANDRA: Huh...? What's wrong with you?
MADELIS: It's... nothing.
CASSANDRA: Neved told me she slashed you. I suppose he wasn't lying.
For Madame X to use physical violence on her admins...You must've really screwed up.
Well? Let's see the damage.
...
What in the...?
You know you're supposed to take care of wounds, right? I know you aren't that air-headed!
No, this won't do at all.
I'm calling someone at The Hospital of Hope to take a look at you.
If that wound gets any worse I'll be down a slave.
All right, make your way there now.
And don't take too long. You have a certain cash register to attend to.
I'll let this one slide if you get on your knees and beg.
MADELIS: Cassandra...
CASSANDRA: Now, Madelis. Unless you want me to tell Madame X that you tried to kill me.
MADELIS: Wh-What?!
CASSANDRA: She'll believe me, that's for sure.
And the best part is that you'll have no say.
Now beg.
MADELIS: ...Please, I beg for your forgiv-hrk...!
MADELIS: It's...nothing.
MADELIS: M-My old clothes...?
ERIN: It seems like you didn't take my advice.
I wish you would've just trusted me and kept your mouth shut.
Stopping you from talking made us both look really suspicious, but I don't think she paid too much attention to it.
What are you doing just spouting important information to a stranger like that anyway?
She may be our mayor, but everyone's the same in my eyes.
Plus, she's the one who confessed everything, not us.
Confused? You mean you didn't notice it either?
I'm not one to just spell everything out to someone, so I'll give you a hint.
We never mentioned where we found the corruption.
ERIN: Hey, I'm glad you went ahead and took my advice.
Not telling her anything was the right thing to do.
You can't trust anyone blindly. Everyone has their own mind.
Everyone has their own agenda...
Anyway, about Cassandra, I don't know if you noticed this as well, but she slipped up majorly.
Huh? Don't know what I'm talking about?
Fine, I'll just spell it out.
Flora never mentioned where we found the corruption. Just THAT we found it.
Yet, Cassandra seemed to know exactly where the corruption was.
Remember? She said it herself... Darchlight Woods.
I don't know how she knew that, but it's definitely not fun to think about.
We'll just have to be more careful.
...And for starters I suppose we shouldn't be talking about this right outside her office.
These walls are soundproof and the door's closed anyway.
Let's just watch what we do from now on, okay?
ERIN: Goddamnit, Florin. I didn't expect anything less of a gullible fool like him, but it's still frustrating.
He told Cassandra everything because he trusts her or something.
I'm going to have to have a nice and stern talk with him later.
As for you, don't make the same mistake Florin did, or you'll regret it.
I'm heading out.
ERIN: Hey, are you stupid? It's okay, you can tell me.
What did I say before? I said not to say anything, right?
Yet... You went ahead and tried to tell her everything. What. An. Idiot.
Disappointing, but it's not all bad.
If you were a little more trustworthy, I'd tell you what I meant, but...
ERIN: So you decided to say nothing, right?
I'm not going to tell you if what you did was right or what have you...
That's up for you to decide.
But I think you made the smart decision.
Sometimes the smart decision isn't always right, but it's what needs to be done.
Besides, Cassandra slipped.
We never mentioned where we found the corruption, yet she seemed to know exactly where.
Just...be careful from here on out, yeah?
And be careful what you say.
We never mentioned that we found a Bladestar base.
Yet she asked us what we found in our search "down there", as if she knew about the cave's existence.
We mentioned that we found corruption in Darchlight Woods...
But we never mentioned we found a Bladestar base.
Yet, Cassandra asked us to tell us what we found, and I quote, "down there".
OLDWOMAN: Please, without the funding for this operation, I'm afraid poor little Timmy will...
We're begging you, please approve of this loan!
CASSANDRA: Aw... Sweety, little Timmy should've thought of that before he decided to get so sick.
I mean isn't it physically irresponsible of him to get that sick without first asking "Can I pay for this sickness?"
I'm so very sorry, there's just nothing I can do.
CASSANDRA: Oh my... I'm so sorry, but this is a call I just have to take.
It was a pleasure speaking to you Mrs. and Mr. McGorvic.
Tell little Timmy to get well soon!
CASSANDRA: What is it, Madelis? I told you not to call during this time of the day.
CASSANDRA: And I'm going to ask you one more time. Stop asking me that question.
I'm-- No, WE'RE doing this, Madelis. This is everything we've worked hard for.
I won't stop because the damsel is having second thoughts.
Oh, and by the way, I don't really appreciate the notion of you having those second thoughts.
Remember our deal with Madame X. It's just one phone call away.
MADELIS: ...I won't ask again.
Oh, and, once you're done with that, I'm going to need you to make your way to Route 1.
Ever since that infernal doctor got exposed, we've lost that connection, and thus we'll have to do things on our own.
Isha should've just kept a low profile, but no.
CASSANDRA: Anyway, I have to reject someone's charity even approval.
So I'll see you down there, Maddie!
MADELIS: See you there.
100F.
None.
Ground Floor.
Tell Cassandra everything.
Didn't find a thing.
[Map380]
OFFICER: Nurse Joy makes us nice meals when our shift ends!
She's so delightful!
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Judicial District Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
OFFICER: There's no one more caring than Nurse Joy. No one!
CHANSEY: Chanseeey~!
OFFICER: You sure are out here late. Are your Pokemon hurt?
OFFICER: Isn't it supposed to be finals week? Why aren't you studying?
OFFICER: Make sure you have enough energy to walk through the city at night!
Though most people are out during the day, there are night walkers who itch for battle!
Yes
No
[Map381]
[Map382]
LANA: Please... go away. You're... frightening me...
It looks like she's having a nightmare.
LANA: Ah... You look familiar to me. Have we met before?
LANA: Truly? Ah, well, there's always a time for meetings, correct?
LANA: Ah... I remember very clearly now. You saved me from that dastardly Sableye.
I must thank you for doing that.
I've been having terrible dreams ever since I've been in this city.
LANA: What's that? Ayuna said we have to get back so that we can practice?
I suppose she's right... The festival is only a few days away, is it not?
All right... I guess I'll be on my way then.
This gate leads to the Judicial District.
Nope.
Hah, in your dreams!
[Map383]
STAFF: Hello! Welcome to the Route 3 Gate Lodge.
What can I provide you today?
STAFF: You're in luck! We have an opening just for you! Sleep tight, and don't let the bed bugs bite!
STAFF: Thank you! Please stop by again!
STAFF: We only sell the essentials at Gates, but I hope we have just what you need!
STAFF: Head north if you want to make your way to Sheridan Village.
Head west if you're headed towards Goldenleaf Town.
STAFF: Come again!
Huh? If you're here that means the gate's been lowered! Score!
Now I can get out of here and never turn back!
STAFF: Sorry, this is reserved for people staying at our lodge.
A place to rest.
A shop.
Directions?
Nothing, thanks!
[Map384]
GRUNT: Knowledge is power, and power is everything.
We'll be rightfully placed when all of this is over.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
GRUNT: Hey, only authorized grunts are allowed past this point!
Floor?
GRUNT: Yes, we've placed her in the Grand Hall and are awaiting future orders.
FLORA: Good, I'll be there momentarily.
By the way, did Henri and Jodi come back from the place I told them to investigate?
GRUNT: Negative, ma'am. In fact, we haven't heard anything from them at all.
FLORA: Tch, how hard is it to snoop through one apartment?
I know it's a penthouse, but it shouldn't take this long.
Whatever, just go on ahead.
GRUNT: Yes Ma'am!
FLORA: Ah, \PN.
It looks like you're concerned about Erin.
Well, I wouldn't be concerned with her. She's going to be just fine.
All I want is for her to listen to my speech during today's rally.
If she's as good of an analyzer than I think, then she'll make the appropriate decision.
It's all for a better future...
GRUNT: We're working towards a better future for all inhabitants of Grand Dream City.
OFFICER: You shouldn't be down here! This place is off limits!
OFFICER: We're investigating this area, so you're gonna have to come back.
GRUNT: Hey, weren't you meddling with us in Darchlight Cave? What are you doing here?
Yes
No
Botanical Garden
None
[Map385]
PELIPPER: My love, I've come for you again.
BRIDGE: My darling Pelipper... You've visited me three times this week...
Could it be true? Could it really be true? Your love for me is...?
PELIPPER: But of course, my love. I love you more than any bridge I have ever seen-- Ever visited.
I would fly through many storms, fly through many trials...
Just to be here with you, once again. Forever, and ever, and ever-
BRIDGE: M-My love!
BRIDGE: My love... Please speak to me! Please...! Please!!!
DANCER: Yay! Dinner! I was feeling for Pelipper lately!
BRIDGE: Don't you dare! Leave my husband alone!
DANCER: Yum, yum, yum in my tum, tum tum!!
DANCER: Yum!
[Map386]
FLORA: ...
GRUNT: Flora, Ma'am?
FLORA: Yes, what is it?
GRUNT: \PN and Erin are currently in the Scholar District.
Fortunately, it seems neither of them have leaked any information.
FLORA: Truly? I guess they're more loyal than I anticipated.
But that doesn't mean anything.
Loyalty is flimsy. At least, it can be.
Keep spying on them. We have to make sure everything is perfect for\c[6] the event.
GRUNT: Of course, Ma'am.
GRUNT: Everything has been set up for later this week, Ma'am.
FLORA: All the preparations have been set?
GRUNT: Correct, all we must wait for is the event to actually happen.
FLORA: I see... In that case, I'm going to have to notify all the grunts of our plans.
We all must be completely on the same page, or failure is assured.
FLORA: That reminds me... Where is\c[6] he?
GRUNT: ...
Oh, please excuse me... I was lost in thought. Could you say that again?
FLORA: Sigh... Where is the Doctor?
GRUNT: Ah yes, him... He's waiting outside right now.
FLORA: Let him in... We have things we need to discuss.
FLORA: What is taking him so long?
???: I-I'm here, Flora!!!
FLORA: Finally, Dr. Jenkel. What took you so long?
DRJENKEL: S-Sorry, I was just staring at a tree!! You must forgive me!!
FLORA: Ugh... Why the hell am I surrounded by brain dead idiots?
Whatever... Dr. Jenkel, it seems our preparations are complete.
We're going to continue with\c[6] Project Supernova.
DRJENKEL: R-Really? So soon? Is it really okay to do this so soon?!
FLORA: This is our only opportunity to catch Cassandra and all those other stupid politicians in one fell swoop!
DRJENKEL: I see........................ I will............. continue............
FLORA: Yes, yes, that's all for now. Continue to do whatever you like.
But don't go too far off. I'm going to need you to be here when it happens.
DRJENKEL: Understood! I will see you later!
???: Our time of being repressed and held back is over!
FLORA: A new era of peace and equality has been born!
With the fall of Cassandra, along with her insufferable nobility... We have taken back what is rightfully ours!
DRJENKEL: ...
FLORIN: ...
Now, my brother and sisters, let us gather together and-
???:\ts[1] You didn't tell them, did you?
FLORA:\ts[1] What did you just say?
GRUNT: I said...\| You didn't tell them, did you?!
FLORA: What are you talking about?
GRUNT: My fellow companions, your loyal followers!
You didn't tell them that their lives would be sacrificed at the Grand Dream Ball!
DRJENKEL: Hehehe, ah... wait, what?
FLORA: That's nonsense, each and every member here knew about what would transpire.
GRUNT: But you didn't mention that they would be caught up in the blast!
Because if you did, then why did my boyfriend tell me to meet with him after the event?!
He said we would be free together! Why would he say that if he knew he would perish?!
FLORA: Hngh... I...\| I...\| It's not true. I've notified-
GRUNT2: My husband was the same... We promised each other we would... be together.
He told me everything the plan had entailed, and none of what happened was mentioned!
My husband would never leave me alone in this world, so why?!
FLORA: It was for the cause.
DRJENKEL: Flora... You didn't...?
FLORA: I knew what had to be done in order for the complete success of our cause.
There had to be no inkling of an event like this occurring.
I laid the pieces on the chess board as they should have been.
If they knew about their inevitable demise, doubt and fear would flourish, thus, withering their determination.
A plan such as this had no room for error. What had to be done, had to be done, and it was a noble sacrifice for those who live on.
GRUNT: I... I didn't want this. None of us wanted our fellow comrades to die!
This isn't the future we all agreed on! This wasn't supposed to happen!
FLORA: It's not about what you want. It's not about what any of us here want.
I explained this the first day I was chosen to be leader of this organization.
The organization that was passed down to me by my father, William Grevillea.
I WILL pave the path to equality. I WILL stop at nothing to achieve this.
Even if it means sacrificing each and every one of you, I swear upon my father's grave, I'll do it with no hesitation, no remorse.
I think we get it now.
GRUNT2: You're no better than Cassandra. We're not welcomed here anymore.
FLORA: Wh-Where are you all going?! Get back here this instant!
They're... They're leaving?! I... I don't understand...
They put their trust in you, and you betrayed them.
FLORA: Hmph...
Well, that's quite alright. Losing a few members won't hurt me, not at this point.
I have no use for weak-minded people such as them in my city.
Listen well, remaining members of Bladestar. Their sacrifice was not in vain.
With Cassandra's death, the Xenpurgis will never rise!
But it doesn't end here! We must work together for this final push! The last piece of the puzzle must be obtained!
FLORA: Dr. Jenkel, is that traitor being kept in the stasis room?
DRJENKEL: ...Yes. Our scientists are working on him as we speak.
FLORA: It was quite convenient of that mysterious man in white to hand him over to us.
This way, we can continue without any hiccups.
Once he's done with the procedure, send him off towards Zone Zero at once.
FLORIN: Flora...
FLORA: So you finally wake, brother? Good, there is much to discuss.
FLORIN: Don't bother... I heard it all. I heard everything you said...
I'm disgusted... Disgusted with you, disgusted with our father...
You're...\| You're a part of the problem.
FLORA: Oh, my dearest brother. I am not the problem.
FLORA:\ts[1] I am the answer.
FLORA: What the HELL just happened down there?
ADMIN: M-Ma'am, I have very bad news.
We've lost the signals of almost forty of our grunts all at once.
FLORA: What do you mean we lost their signal?!
How can forty of my grunts just disappear into thin air as if it were nothing?!
There has to be some mistake here! Do the signal check again, goddamnit!
ADMIN: We've already done it 5 times. They're all the same.
Just get out of my sight and try to contact the other grunts we have there!
If all of my grunts are gone that means they'll reach the top soon.
ADMIN: Y-Yes Ma'am!
FLORIN: I've never seen you this way before, Flora.
How long have you been this broken?
FLORA: Florin, shut. Up. Please.
FLORIN: Flora... I still believe in you. You can do good.
FLORA: I am doing good, and you'd do good to just be quiet and let me work.
I don't know what's going on, but someone's going to pay for this...
GRUNT: Ma'am, I have important things to report.
FLORA: What is it?
GRUNTS: We have started our siege of the Judicial Building.
As we speak, fellow Bladestar members are invading.
FLORA: Good. Then power of the city will soon be ours.
Good, very good. You're dismissed.
GRUNT: Um, one last thing, Ma'am.
It seems like Team Xen and \PN have reached Eclysia Pyramid and are making their way to the top.
FLORA: I've expected as much.
GRUNT: This shouldn't be a problem, right? We have \PN on the inside?
They'll surely settle this dispute for u-
FLORA: No, they won't.
GRUNT: But you made \PN an honorary member? N-Not to question your decisions, Ma'am.
FLORA: I forced \PN and Erin to join so that they wouldn't rat out the secret.
By making them involved, they're just as responsible, but...
Now that the secret's out, I have no more use for them.
Besides, I heard that Erin girl got blasted away in my explosion, so...
Even if they expressed an ounce of loyalty before, that's surely gone now.
GRUNT: I understand. So shall we continue to list \PN as the enemy?
FLORA: Of course. Everyone who isn't us is an enemy, understood?
GRUNT: Yes Ma'am.
GRUNT: What should we do about \PN? I know you have your personal vendetta against them.
Oh, don't worry about \PN. I have everything planned for them.
Once they reach the top of the Pyramid, they'll see.
I'm not mad-- I'm not bitter. I'm simply repaying the favor.
\PN is strong, that's for sure, but I am stronger.
That's not arrogance, it's the truth.
GRUNT: What are we doing about \PN? They're pretty... uh, strong.
FLORA: \PN is strong, but I am stronger.
That's just the fact of the matter. When my time comes, I shall crush them.
And look at how both Team Xen and \PN gathered in one place.
It's as if fate itself is handing over the win to me on a silver platter!
You're dismissed. I need time to myself for a little while.
Soon, everything I've worked so hard for will fall into place.
And I will have avenged you,\| Rune. Forgive me.
RUNE:\ts[1] What am I supposed to make of this?
FLORA: I was hoping you'd assist me and become part of my team.
RUNE: Become a part of your team? Flora you're running a terrorist organization?!
I knew Bladestar was becoming stronger, but I had no idea you were the one behind it all...
FLORA: Tell me, why won't you join? What are you afraid of?
RUNE: I... I have enough on my mind. I can't worry about running around playing terrorist!
FLORA: Enough on your mind?
RUNE: Things that I have to take care of myself.
Telling me this now... It's just adding fuel to the fire. I can't take it.
Huey... He's my first and only priority. I have to make sure he's safe.
FLORA: By joining, you're guaranteeing Huey's future.
Let's face it, Rune. Huey isn't going to make it in this city.
He's the type of person Cassandra chews and spits out.
RUNE: Flora, I'm sorry, but I can't. I'm leaving.
FLORA: Where do you think you're going? You think I can just let you leave?
RUNE: So what? You're going to get rid of me now that I know your secret?
FLORA: Of course not, we're friends after all.
"Childhood" friends, wasn't it?
Under normal circumstances I'd just have you killed, but based on our past friendship I'm willing to lay out a deal.
RUNE: And what would this deal be, Flora?
FLORA: You are to keep this place secret, as well as my involvement in Bladestar.
If you fail to do this, not only will I hunt you down, but I will\c[6] reveal your deepest and darkest secret to Huey.
RUNE: ...!
Alright... I agree to your terms, but our friendship is over.
You may leave now.
FLORA: ...No.... What...? No, this can't be... How?!
How is Cassandra alive?! She was confirmed to be in the room when the blast happened!
This isn't FUCKING possible! Cassandra should be DEAD!
FLORA: Huh?
FLORA:\ts[1] Haha...\| Hahahaha....
FLORA: It's... over?
FLORA: Huff....Huff........
FLORIN: You shouldn't be so fixated on that screen, Flora.
You may let things slip past you unnoticed.
FLORIN: You're under arrest, Flora.
And this time, for good.
ERIN: Ugh...My head feels horrible...
ERIN: Ugh, where the hell are we...?
...
I remember now.
I got too careless and then Flora knocked me out.
I wasn't expecting her Cradily to attack me after she asked for help.
Damn her...
And what about you? How long have you been a Bladestar member?
You and Flora teamed up together because you both didn't want to be found out, correct?
Hmph, how typical.
FLORA: Attention all Bladestar members.
The rally is about to begin!
FLORA: What a beautiful day today is! I am honored to be in your presence once again.
Today we celebrate the progress Team Bladestar has achieved.
At this point in time my brother Florin is meeting with Cassandra to discuss further funding to help restore the Badlands.
As you know, the Badlands is a place where life is difficult.
Where nothing but a barren desert, a lethal forest, and inhabitable volcanic lands exist.
But due to our efforts, we have restored life to many areas located in the Badlands!
And it's only thanks to all of you that this has been possible!
Please, be proud!
But before we can completely restore the Badlands, we must first take down our greatest enemy.
Cassandra!
We will rip down her thread of tyranny and create a better future for all of us!
A better future for your loved ones! A better future for your children!
I shall deny no one of a life they rightfully deserve!
Here I am the mother of all Bladestar members. I will love and cherish each and every one of you like my own!
We will make Grand Dream City the greatest place in the entire universe!
ERIN: ...
FLORA: And how did you two enjoy the show?
ERIN: Hmph...
FLORA: Cut the attitude and just say what you want.
ERIN: I have a question for you and \PN.
FLORA: Ask away.
You two were obviously working together in Darchlight Caves.
What was the point of that place anyway?
FLORA: First of all, \PN has only recently joined, and although not exactly out of choice...
They haven't ratted me out either, so.
Secondly, that place was the first HQ we had before I had enough funding to build this place in secret.
Let me tell you, hiring people to make secret underground areas ain't cheap.
Well then, I'm joining Bladestar as well.
FLORA: Sigh, I thought as much. Blad-
FLORA: Wait...what?
ERIN: You heard me. I'm joining Bladestar.
FLORA: Uh... I didn't expect you to join so easily...
ERIN: Why? It's clear that you actually care about the city, so why not?
FLORA: *Cough*, right...Uh, all right...
Welcome to Bladestar then!
I had a mission solely for \PN, but I don't see why you can't join them.
It will be a little while before we'll be able to go through with it, so I'm putting you two on standby.
Until then, I'll be seeing you two later.
ERIN: Yep, it's just like you said, Flora.
I analyze information and make decisions based off the information given.
And with that I've made the conclusion that I'll strike you down personally.
I'm sure you don't actually care about being a member.
You were just forced to be a member.
Good to know.
I'm gonna hit the road. I didn't intend to go through all of this.
I only came here to tell you that Venam wanted you to meet her in the Shopping District when you had time.
It's funny how life works. Well, goodbye.
[Map387]
There are people in this world that truly believe they are better than you.
Not here. Not in The Underground.
We all understand each other here, and nothing is going to change that.
Oh, hello! Mind if you take a survey? Just to let you know, though, it has 1000 questions!
Alright, first question! What the fuck?
Second question! Can you leave me alone?
GRUNT: No can do, bud. No trespassing.
???: Hello everyone and welcome to V's News Corner!
Where you find all your daily news of The Underground right at your humble corner!
Today I've come here to warn you about a possible spy walking around!
If anyone sees a teenage girl with red hair, please contact Bladestar authorities!
You'll know it's her when you see her, but she won't be able to see you!
Thank you all for listening and have a wonderful day!
CROWD: Could it really be true? Is there a spy walking around?
What do we do? I don't want this place to shutdown!
Look for anyone suspicious, obviously!
Rock or not, we're rolling!
Damn, we're coming to a stop then?
You can't just stop the beat like that!
DYLAN: Looks like they captured that girl that ran away.
I saw them escort her inside and up the stairs.
Did you see her face, though? She didn't have anything on it!
But for some reason she could still talk... That was seriously so creepy.
DYLAN: So she looked really scared and asked you for help?
Oh brother, don't tell me you're going to try and help her out now?
You gotta learn to mind your own business, \PN.
But like I said before, it's your life and it's your consequences.
If you look at it from the government's persepctive, this place is illegal.
So you just being down here is a crime. What more do you have to lose, really?
If you want to go and help her out, do what you damn well please!
You don't look like someone who would be down here. You sure you ain't a spy?
Hm, I'm sure you're not a spy, but I'm just trying to be cautious.
Don't do anything stupid down here.
All I ever wanted to be in life was a painter, but this city had different plans.
I won't let them change my destiny. I know what I'm truly after.
DYLAN: Looks like you spoke with all of them. It's good to get acquainted with people.
I think the more people you know, the more powerful you can become as a person.
If you ever get into trouble, you have people to get you out of it.
DYLAN: Speaking of trouble...
???: She's gone this way! Don't let her escape!
DYLAN: I'll go see what the big deal is.
None of this concerns you, so you don't have to do anything.
Or be a rebel and follow that girl. I dunno. It's your life, your consequences.
DYLAN: Come back after you've spoken to the Psyche Professor, the shop owner, and the clerk at the main building.
Aww... Where are ya going? Don't you want to stay and have fun?
Come on, don't be like that...
I was the last line of defense... Guess that means you got away.
Don't tell anyone, but I'm only here for the services they provide down here.
Not everything here is exactly legal if you catch my drift...
I came from the Badlands...
You know, that place Cassandra REFUSES to help.
Even though she's never outright said she won't help, she's always had some sort of excuse.
Bet you don't even remember me, huh?! I was a part of Bladestar once!
And even now I'm a failure...
It always ends this way for me. Maybe I should just accept it...
V resides on a cliff north from here.
You need special access to get all the way over there.
I wish I had special access. I'd like to meet V in person.
THIEF: Whuddya mean this isn't worth that much? I paid good money for this!
Can't you strike me a deal of some sort? I don't care if this isn't what you carry, I deserve service!
Hey, could you ease up? I'm trying to make some dough here.
THIEF: Whoa! You're that kid who told me about this painting!
I gotta say kid, I really appreciate it! I'm going to be swimming in money soon!
...What? You want me to return the piece? In your dreams, nerd!
V is going to help us all recover from our rejection!
I'm going to find that spy and give them a piece of my mind!
Locked.
ANA: It's okay to come out now. I hid you in my Nano Drive...
ANA: ...Hi.
You listened to my plea for help, didn't you? I was in a lot of trouble...
But you still came to help me, right? I'm grateful...
???: Hey.
DYLAN: Jesus, this kid really doesn't have any facial features.
ANA: ...
DYLAN: Um... You don't really need to stare at me like that- Er, I mean...
You don't exactly have eyes that you can use to stare at me- Is that a little insensitive to say?
A-Anyway, what I'm trying to say is that you don't need to be afraid of me. I'm a friend.
ANA: You're a... friend? What's a friend?
DYLAN: A friend is someone who's close. Someone you can trust.
ANA: I see... So you are my friend? Does that make \PN my friend too?
DYLAN: \PN saved you didn't they? I think that makes you two something?
ANA: I see... registering both Dylan and \PN as friends, then.
DYLAN: Uh-huh, well, we should probably find a place to hide you.
Last I checked they were looking for you after you two blasted out of the Main Building.
I'm not exactly in a good light right now either, so that's not helping.
I don't live far from here, actually. Just head a bit north and you'll see my building.
ANA: Dylan is my friend. You are my friend too, \PN?
I trust you then. I trust you.
"Underground Main Building".
What's your problem? Why are you staring at me with such a look?
I just want you to know that you're down here too! Don't go judging me!
Even though V supports our uprising, she isn't directly affiliated with Bladestar.
I wonder why that is? Why won't she join our cause?
THIEF: Man, you really are persistent, aren't you?
Fine then! I won't let you get in the way of my salary!
No... My salary!
THIEF: Man... Fine, take back the stupid painting. I didn't want it anyway.
Bleh!
V! Go V! We support you, V!
There's a spy somewhere down here in The Underground?
What do we do?
My cousin in Gearen City is obsessed with mountains. Isn't that just so weird? Hehe?!
Okay but consider this: Flatlands. Ooh, I just get all sweaty thinking about it.
I'm not a weirdo, I just like flatlands. Is that such a crime? No. No it's not.
"Dr. Sykick's Office"
???: Well? Is this what you expected to be past those dull doors?
I'm going to assume that's a no, by the way.
This is called The Underground. A mock up version of The Under from Orre.
You might be wondering why this place is here?
Well, everyone here in some way or form have been rejected by this city.
Those who did not graduate from Axis High University...
Those who were wrongly, or rightfully fired from their positions...
Down here we're all part of the same litter.
A family away from family, if you will.
This place is completely off the government's radar, you know?
That's why I had you get rid of your Help Request.
I couldn't risk you going to the police and blabbing about all that's down here.
Oh, and even though you did as I said, and cancelled that request...
I had to put in a lot of measures to make sure Officer Jenny went on a little "vacation".
So you won't be hearing from her anytime soon.
Anyway-
It has occurred to me that we have not exchanged names yet, no?
Well then, what is your name?
\PN, then is it? Well, \PN, my name is Dylan.
And before we make assumptions... No, I am not the leader of this place.
I'm moreso of an ambassador to this place. I find rejects and gather them here.
Well, at least, when I'm off from my main job.
That's enough talking from me, though. I'll let you walk around and familiarize yourself with your new environment.
This area leads straight into the sewers, but none of the Bladestar Grunts will allow anyone through.
I wonder if it's because they're trying to hide something...
DYLAN: The dock's this way. We can take the route through the sewers out of the city.
ANA: I'll provide support! You can count on me!
DYLAN: You better, or I'm shipping your ass away.
ANA: Yeah, yeah. I'd like to see you try!
DYLAN: Heh... Someone's getting confident. Use that confidence to run fast, got it?
ANA: Got it.
The people down here are in favor of Bladestar's cause.
They understand what it's like to be us.
Don't worry, kid. Once Cassandra's out of office, a new era will begin!
If they find us down here, will they send us all to jail?
I won't go back to prison, no matter what happens!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
V said she's going to do something that will save the world from its impending doom.
Uh... Yeah, we'll see.
Enter the lift?
When is Flora finally going to lay the final nail in the coffin?!
I'm sick of being in the shadows! I want to be in the light!
Now there's a spy somewhere down here? Doesn't it ever end?
???: Help me.
GRUNT: That's enough running out of you!
GRUNT: You've been causing us a lot of problems. Why can't you just obey orders?
What do we do with her now?
GRUNT2: Obviously we're supposed to take her back to the Main Building.
That's where V wants her to stay put for now.
All right, let's go you troublemaker.
???: Please... Help me.
Damn, I'm not welcome in Goldenleaf Town and I'm not welcome in Grand Dream City.
This is truly the Reject District.
DYLAN: There's a lot of cool things you can find here in The Underground.
I guess I'm the one who's responsible for educating on these things, yes?
There are three places I want you to visit before I'll leave you alone.
One would be the Shop located east of here.
The other would be the Pokemon Psyche Professor. He's located east of here too.
Finally, I'd like you to visit the main building. That's north-west of here.
I guess there's also Madame Peony's Fortune Telling Fantasy, but she's weird.
So go on and scatter. I'm sure you'll find something to your liking.
The Underground is held on an underground cliff.
If that cliff were ever to give in...Well, we'd all be dead for sure.
Don't worry, though! There are plenty of support beams under us to protect us!
The panel requires a key to start up.
Did you know that Grand Dream City originally had plans to build a Reject District?
Can you believe that? How could they label people as rejects?
Well we created our own district. One that will rise above the rest.
GRUNT: You're not getting farther than this. Beat it.
DYLAN: Here we are, to my humble abode. I gotta unlock the door.
Living in a place that's filled with anarchists and Bladestar drones doesn't exactly spell "safe".
DYLAN: You're a real chatterbox, aren't you? You and \PN will get along just fine!
Those of us who have been rejected from Grand Dream City's society have gathered here.
Even those who failed to pass the Axis High University graduation exam reside here.
You wanna know why I know that?
Because I'm one of them...
I wouldn't expect you to understand anyway.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
ANA: Let's get out of here \PN!
Hey, are you new here?
Welcome to The Underground!
Where the City's rejects gather to form the uprising!
What's the uprising we're talking about?
The manifestation of our uprising lives within Team Bladestar!
We will remove Cassandra from office and end Grand Dream City's tyranny on rejected individuals!
GRUNT: Sorry, but this area is closed off to civilians.
Do you know who owns The Underground?
Aren't they great? The city rejected us so they built a city of our own.
It's Bladestar you idiot. Couldn't you tell by the aesthetic?
What's the deal with Axis High University anyway?
That pretentious hole of...of...
I can't even think of a word to describe them as.
DYLAN: Here we are. Let's get the fuck out of here.
ANA: Where are we going?
DYLAN: I'm taking you guys to my hometown. It's a little far, but the farther, the better.
ANA: Okay, I trust you.
I didn't approve of the nature my Pokemon had.
Because of this I took it to Dr. Sykick and he changed it to something else!
It wasn't exactly what I wanted, but it was better than my Adamant Gengar.
"Madame Peony's Fortune Telling Fantasy!"
GRUNT: Sorry, I was told not to let anyone past this point.
Personally I believe that Cassandra is not our only enemy.
Not only must we punish Cassandra, but we must punish the Blakeory family as well!
Yes
No
[Map388]
ANA: Hehe... I had fun today I think. Despite what happened earlier.
This store sells Ultra Balls and Dusk Balls!
What an incredible deal!
This is a package... from The Puppet Master?!
DYLAN: I don't remember ordering a girlfriend. Why are you in my house?
???: Let's not get so crossed...
I'm just here to pick up something that belongs to us.
DYLAN: Nothing here belongs to you, obviously. It's my house, that you ransacked.
Now get out before you actually make me angry.
???: Don't play dumb with me, Dylan. Hand over the android.
That Nano Drive is our property. Let's not make this difficult.
ANA: ...Again with this? I'm not yours to have!
???: And that's not for you to decide, darling.
DYLAN: And what if we don't? What are you going to do?
Ever since Bladestar went under, V's been lacking in power, hasn't she?
You guys got nothing.
???: Just because Bladestar is gone, doesn't mean that the Grunts have disappeared.
We still exist. In fact, I was in Bladestar before.
Flora failed me, but V won't.
DYLAN: \PN, Ana, we're leaving.
There's a dock south east of this apartment. I have a boat down there.
Get there. Now. I'll meet you guys in a few.
ANA: No you're coming with us too!
ANA: Maggy, Thunder-Wave!
GRUNT: Grahh!!
DYLAN: Damn, nice one, Ana.
ANA: No problem. We're leaving together. Let's get out of here!
Hello! Welcome to The Underground's main building!
Please enjoy your stay here in The Underground.
Huh? You new around here, kid? I guess that means Dylan brought you here?
Well, this is the main building, if you couldn't guess that already.
We make sure the government above ground stays ignorant about this place.
This means deleting info, and sometimes people that jeopardize this place's secrecy.
So don't go do anything stupid.
...
DYLAN: Sorry, I got way too motivated with my own damn speech.
That being said, I only mentally agreed to get you started by opening the door for you.
I'll have no more involvement in this. Though, I didn't plan to have any in the first place.
I'm just a bucket of surprises, aren't I?
Go on, get.
ANA: Um, \PN? Do you know what this box is?
ANA: ...The "Puppet Master"? What's a "Puppet Master"?
Anyway... It looks like it's for me, but... How do they know where I am or even who I am...?
I'm a little scared to open it... What if something bad happens...
But um, I don't think we should just leave it here, right?
DYLAN: I thought you said you couldn't stay here, Ana?
DYLAN: Huh? Did you guys order something?
ANA: "Order" something?
DYLAN: Yes, as in, you purchased something and had it delivered to this place.
ANA: I don't have any money... How could I order something?
Anyway, it looks like V is trying all she can to find me... To the point where traveling outside alone isn't safe.
I took two steps outside and I was surrounded almost immediately.
I have no choice but to stay here, so...
DYLAN: Glad to have you back then.
So are you guys going to open this or not?
ANA: Okay, I'm just a little wary of something happening
DYLAN: Nothing's going to happen, and if something did happen, we'd deal with it.
ANA: I guess I should open it then?
DYLAN: Well? What's inside?
ANA: Um... Well, because the box was so big I thought I was going to get something bigger than this, but...
There's a single card inside this box.
DYLAN: What? Just a card? What does it say?
ANA: Here, let's all take a look together.
DYLAN: Is this a card key of some kind?
ANA: Dylan, it literally says that on the card itself.
DYLAN: Yeah...? I was just confirming with myself is all.
Anyway, that key must be for the Blakeory Athenaeum in the Scholar District.
ANA: ...
DYLAN: There's no use in contemplating about it. We'll get more answers by going to the Athenaeum ourselves.
ANA: So you said this place is in the Scholar District, right?
DYLAN: Yep, it's east of here. We can get there through Axis High Uni or by the Judicial District gate.
ANA: Okay, let's go there now.
Greetings young trainer... We have not met before, have we?
Ah, so Dylan has introduced you to The Underground?
*Cough*, so yes, let me tell you what I offer the trainers that come across here.
I am a Pokemon Psychologist. My work isn't technically... legal, but helpful regardless.
I believe that every Pokemon has the ability to become the best versions of themselves.
With the small price of one Heart Scale, I can change the nature of your Pokemon.
However, my work is not exactly immaculate. There may be no changes at all sometimes.
Additionally, I have no effect on what nature your Pokemon may have after the procedure.
Life is a gamble, and so is my work choice. Whether there is a change or not, I require one Heart Scale.
I see that brought a Heart Scale with you today. Do you want me to change the nature of your Pokemon?
I see... Well, I don't really appreciate this, but it is your choice nonetheless.
\PN handed over one Heart Scale.
Yes, fabulous! \v[444], let's see what we can do.
I feel like we've done some great work today \v[58] may be like a whole new Pokemon now!
...Or not. Please come again!
Of course, of course. Well, if you ever have need of my services, you know where to find me.
Please come back when you have a Heart Scale.
DYLAN: Truth be told, I bet those Bladestar dudes are looking for me above ground too.
As long as we stay here it should be fine.
I'll need your help, though. So don't forget about us.
DYLAN: Hey, \PN. Nice timing. I was just thinking about taking Ana above ground.
ANA: Really? Is it time to go outside?
DYLAN: Yeah, I'd say so.
ANA: Let's go then!
DYLAN: Yeah, we can take the lift out back.
Heheh... Please refrain from using that elevator. That's for my use only.
DYLAN: Yeah-huh? What else?
ANA: We'll be waiting down here... I want to learn more things...
???: Hehehe... Stand on the other side of the table, bub.
PEONY: I'm sorry, but without my crystal ball, I can no longer tell you your future.
(You're lucky I didn't charge you for breaking it. Hopefully I'll find another one soon.)
DYLAN: Welcome to my humble abode. It's not that impressive, but it's enough.
ANA: So I will be safe here?
DYLAN: Relatively. No one really knows I live here since the door's locked all the time.
And I make sure to only come here when no one's really looking.
So if they come looking for me I doubt this'll be a possible place to search.
ANA: Thank you.
DYLAN: Don't worry about it. Just looking out for someone else in need.
That was the original intent of Bladestar. That's the Bladestar I knew.
Anyhow, if you need to get to the surface, you can take the elevator at the end of the room.
I'm sure you'll appreciate a little shortcut back here.
ANA: What is the "surface"?
DYLAN: Ahah... You're kidding, right?
I guess you're not, well, in that case why don't you just see for yourself?
Uh, I mean... Can you really even see? Without any eyes?
ANA: I followed you here...
DYLAN: Right... Okay, the only problem here is that people will freak out the moment they see a girl walking around with no eyes.
Hm...
DYLAN: I've got just the thing.
DYLAN: Put these on.
ANA: Okay...
DYLAN: Eh? Great idea, right? No one will be able to tell with those shades on.
ANA: I suppose so... Do I look normal with these instruments on my face?
DYLAN: They're called sunglasses, kid, and yeah you look fine.
If you want to have a look outside, now may be the time to do it.
If there's any place that's safer than here, it's probably above ground.
ANA: I don't understand why someone would be afraid of me.
But... I don't really know much about anything in the first place.
Let us go then? Friend?
ANA: Whoa, these things are cool!
DYLAN: You could go out there now, but...
Probably best if we lay low for a while.
DYLAN: We're gonna lay low for a while, \PN.
If you got something else to do, now may be the time to do it.
We'll be here, so yeah.
ANA: Yes. We will be waiting!
Floor?
DYLAN: ...
I heard what happened inside of that hospital, Ana.
Nurse Joy did not take what you did very well. It confused her.
That Zorua looked like it was on the brink of, well, you know...
ANA: I'm confused... Why do you know about that?
DYLAN: I heard what happened, obviously.
ANA: You were listening? How could you tell exactly what I did just by listening?
Dylan... Please tell me the truth. Have you been following me?
DYLAN: That's ridiculous. I just happened to be in the area on some business, that's all.
ANA: ...But you're lying... If you weren't following me, how did you know about the Zorua in the room?
ANA: Why, Dylan? Why have you been spying on me?
Are... Are you working with V?
DYLAN: Don't be stupid. There's no way I'd work with someone like that.
But people aren't just walking around with no eyes and a computer drive stuck to their back.
ANA: But that's who I am, and I can't change it...
I'm... I'm sorry, but I don't think I can stay here anymore.
It doesn't seem like you trust me, so... I think it'll be best-
DYLAN: C'mon, Ana. I trust you.
ANA: If you trusted me, then you wouldn't be spying on me.
DYLAN: It's not out of mistrust... It's more out of curiosity.
ANA: I... I don't blame you for being curious, but I still can't stay here.
Besides, the more I experience things, the more I remember.
So like I said, perhaps it's best for me to just go for a little while...
DYLAN: Sigh...
Don't get me wrong, I don't regret spying on her, and I'm going to continue to do so.
Something about her isn't right, and I'm going to make sure she doesn't hurt someone.
If you hate me and/or think I'm despicable, then you're free to leave too.
I'm assuming she's on her way back to the District of Hope again, too.
???: Is this thing running? Hello? Can you hear me?
...Not sure why I asked that, if it's a recording. I guess it just sounds better, I suppose.
Anyway, hello Ana, Dylan, and \PN. My name is V.
I'm sure you've heard of me, but if you haven't... Now you have!
ANA: ...!
V: You know, I don't really appreciate you all hiding Ana from me.
Especially since I, technically, own her.
Or rather, the Drive that makes her function.
I don't know why the person I ordered it from sent it like this, but I digress.
What's mine is mine, and I want it now.
No, I NEED it now. For the sake of everyone.
This is what I wa-
DYLAN: There's nothin' really going on for a bit, so just chill here if you want.
ANA: Say... How did you and \PN meet?
DYLAN: Huh? Well, I haven't actually known them for long.
They were originally working for Officer Jenny to locate some missing kids.
Eventually \PN learned too much about The Underground, so I forced them to cut ties with Jenny.
ANA: Missing... Children.
DYLAN: Yeah, I have no idea what to do about that.
\PN, if you want to continue working for Jenny, I guess I trust you enough now.
If you're worried about Jenny, don't be. All I did was give her some sleeping pills.
She should be waking up any time now.
ANA: Missing... Children...?
DYLAN: Yes, that's what I said. You know, maybe I might actually help you look for them.
ANA: Urgh...
DYLAN: Hey, kid... You sure you're doing all right? You look sick.
Can androids get sick?
ANA: I'm fine, I think I just need a moment to restabilize myself.
DYLAN: Uh, okay. I'll leave you to that then? I have some things I want to do so I'll be back later.
C'mon \PN, let's give her some space, yeah?
"DYLAN: They were originally working for Officer Jenny to locate some missing kids."
"Eventually \PN learned too much about The Underground, so I forced them to cut ties with Jenny."
ANA: Why does this bother me so? Why...?
ANA: Grandma... How come I don't have dreams when I sleep?
GRANDMA: It's because your system is incapable of forming fabricated realities.
It's something that could possibly be created, but we did not have time to do so.
ANA: I understand.
Grandma?
GRANDMA: Hm? What is it, Ana?
ANA: What were your dreams as a child? What did you aspire to be?
GRANDMA: Perhaps nothing too especially extraordinary. Probably to be famous and rich.
ANA: Did your dream ever come true?
GRANDMA: Oh yes, it did come true. At one point I was extremely wealthy.
But the money wasn't mine to keep. It was for a bigger purpose.
I wasn't comfortable with that money anyway.
ANA: Huh? Why would that be? Wasn't it your dream?
GRANDMA: A dream that turned into a nightmare.
Recovered lost data: 25%.
But... why?
DYLAN: Sup.
Huh? Are you new around here? I don't think I've seen your face here before?
Ah, so Dylan introduced you to this place? That's good I suppose. Congrats on becoming a reject.
I don't have much, but what I do sell may come in handy.
That being said... Buy something!
???: Hehehe... My name is Madame Peony... I can see into the future!
I can tell you what you desire!
I can tell you the truth! I can tell you your future! For the small price of 4,800$, of course.
PEONY: Hehehe... Excellent... What shall I tell you?
PEONY: Hehehe.... Shall we begin? Dim the lights!
Let's see here... Oh yes... It comes to me.
This... This future I see before me, it's very worrying.
I see you on top of a tall castle, oh yes... But this castle is different from what you've come across beforehand.
A battle begins that will decide the fate of each and every person in this world.
I can see golden light surrounding the area... I can see your friends nearby... Three of them, to be exact.
One with a soul as gold as Arceus' light. One with the resolve to lead others. One who fights for a lost loved one.
Before them stands a female. She fights to bring the world to her knees.
To destroy everything and everyone. To make sure nothing of this world passes on.
But what happens next? What happens next? That, not even I can know.
M-My crystal ball...
What is happening here?!
PEONY: What future is powerful enough to send my Crystal Ball into shards?!
...Now that my crystal ball is shattered, I can no longer tell you your future.
Not that it matters much anyway, it looks like that future is better left unseen.
PEONY: Hehehe... I don't cater to window shoppers! Leave!
PEONY: Hehehe... You're broke as hell, pal. I don't cater to window shoppers!
PEONY: I can see into the future! I can tell you what you desire!
ANA: \PN! Dylan said he'd take us to PokeStar Studios today!
Supposedly to watch something called a "Movie".
DYLAN: Do you know what a movie is, Ana?
ANA: Sounds familiar? Not sure what exactly, though.
DYLAN: It's basically a story portrayed through a series of moving images.
So it's like you're watching people do things while on TV.
...Wait, that sounds wrong, especially out of context...
ANA: I don't get it.
DYLAN: Don't worry about it.
ANA: Well, I'll trust you. It sounds fun. I can't wait to go!
DYLAN: I have a few things I gotta do first. Why don't you two head there first?
ANA: Okay, that's fine with me! Where is Pokestar Studios?
DYLAN: West of Main Street. You can't miss it.
ANA: Well! Let's head over to PokeStar Studios! I'm so excited!
Yes
No
Ground Floor
None
Tell me my future!
No thank you.
Dylan's House
[Map389]
MARIANETTE: \v[15]... we've been through a lot, you and I.
Even if it was a short time, I treasure the time we spent together.
You've showed me how to be brave. I'll prove that to you.
That's why... That's why I don't want you to hold back, okay?
This is a trial after all. We need to give it our all.
\PN... Please!
MARIANETTE: \PN... I'm sorry it's come to this.
I wanted to be friends with you, but you were nothing but mean to me...
But I understand. Under the circumstances you've been through, it's clear.
This final trial... It's a test to see who deserves to escape this place, right?
I have to escape from here...\| I have to escape no matter what!
MARIANETTE: \v[15]... You actually came.
VENAM: What's going on here?! Let us go you freak!
INDRIAD: You will be let go when the game has been completed.
These are the terms Marianette and I have agreed on.
This final trial is for the souls of you four or Marianette.
VENAM: So what, you're going to destroy our souls if we lose, or Marianette if she does?!
What kind of rigged game is this?!
INDRIAD: This is life. A game where one falls to the bottom and the other reaches the very top.
It is only human nature to fight for your survival.
LUCA: Um, major bullshit on that one! It's only that way cuz you made it so!
INDRIAD: And isn't that precisely what makes this world so interesting?!
Marianette! How strong is your desire to leave this place?!
Decide the fates of everyone here! Using your power and your power alone!
Through the light of your Pokmon you have transcended the evil that lies within the dark.
MARIANETTE: Hahaha...
This is what was meant to be.
\v[15], please take this.
\PN got the Normality Badge...?
VENAM: Is that... a badge? Huh?! What's going on here?
MARIANETTE: During that battle, I...\| I remembered something.
???: Please, no matter what happens. Don't you dare lose hope.
Don't lose who you are, and don't you dare forget what's about to happen...
Do you understand?\| Don't lose hope, Maria!
MARIANETTE: Maria...\| I remember now. I remember who I was!
MARIANETTE: ...
This is what fate has intended, it seems.
\PN, you won this final trial, and with that... I need to give you something.
INDRIAD: A disappointing outcome.\| For you all, that is.
LUCA: Why were we put on the battlefield?! We're not going to fight each other, right?
MARIANETTE: Father, what is the meaning of this?!
INDRIAD: Shut your mouth you vile girl! You've done nothing but disappoint me more and more.
This game is in shambles. I declare it null and void.
MARIANETTE: Even in the end you're always a cheating, disgusting excuse for a person!
INDRIAD: How dare you speak to me in such a manner?!
This is a punishment you've brought upon yourselves.
Not only is this a battlefield, but it is an altar as well.
This is where your souls will meet their end.
No, Indriad. This is where I make my stand, finally.
INDRIAD: ...?!
\v[15]... Thanks for everything, but... I won't be able to go with you.
\PN, I will stay here. You and your friends should go.
VENAM: There's no way we're going to leave you here with this psychopath!
MARIANETTE: Thanks, Venam... But there's something I must do.
\PN, and Venam... Please let me assure you that I won't forget you... Not again.
VENAM: Again...?
MARIANETTE: And don't worry about your world... I'll close the portal between them.
LUCA: Marianette! Please come with us!
MARIANETTE: Goodbye...!
MARIANETTE: Be free, all of you!
INDRIAD: Marianette, stop this!
INDRIAD: MARIANETTE!
INDRIAD: Th-This power...\| No, that is not possible...
MARIANETTE: Indriad Theolia, you are truly the worst person... Ever!
What you put everyone through just to fulfill your sadistic need for power...
That it is inexcusable.
INDRIAD: No...
MARIANETTE: Indriad Theolia...\| I remember who I was. Who I am!
INDRIAD: M-Marianette?!
MARIANETTE: Those... things... aren't allowed here...
INDRIAD: Go ahead, Marianette.
MARIANETTE: \PN... I- I captured your friends once again to ensure no foul play!
Upon my defeat they shall be released, and you all shall be free to go.
However, if you fail to win, you and your friends shall be sacrificed to Arceus.
INDRIAD: If you lose, Marianette, you shall be sacrificed in their stead.
MARIANETTE: I-
INDRIAD: Let the battle commence!
MARIANETTE: I'm... glad.
INDRIAD: This is very disappointing, Marianette.
But as promised, you shall receive your friends and be on your way.
Not before Marianette receives what she has been promised.
MARIANETTE: .... He lies...
Indriad... is a liar.
INDRIAD: Excuse me?
MARIANETTE: I'm tired! I'm tired of running from you! You know that you won't sacrifice me.
Because I can't be.
Crystals, release your captives!
VENAM: ....Wha...?
INDRIAD: Marianette! Stop this!
MARIANETTE: I finally feel free! You can't touch me!
\PN! Take this!
\PN got the Normality Badge!
Now go!
VENAM: You don't have to tell me twice!
MAID: Master Indriad has compiled one final trial for you.
And that would be a final battle between you and Marianette.
Master Indriad has also instructed me to give you specific details about Marianette.
What would you like to hear?
MAID: Marianette's ace Pokemon is Bewear. A Pokemon that found her at a younger age.
It wasn't a direct gift by our Master, but it's been allowed for some ungodly reason.
Marianette was blessed by Arceus with the move Multipulse, made gloriously in His image.
It's type varies based on which of our Lord's arms are held by the user.
MAID: Marianette has been given the Blessed Field for her match.
Special Normal and Fairy moves are blessed by our lord, and strike down any Ghost or Dark type spawn.
In addition, Dragon and Psychic moves also gain a considerable increase in power.
MAID: Marianette's skills with battle are great. Do not underestimate her.
Though her field is beneficial to her, it is a double-edged sword.
All the benefits available to her are also available for you.
In addition to that, her field can easily be transformed into a Haunted Field with certain moves.
If you have a devilish Ghost type up your sleeve, and seek the lord out for forgiveness if you do, it could be the trump card you need here.
MAID: Hmph.
MAID: I was ordered to act as some light practice for you, so, let us begin.
Excellent.
Marianette's Ace | Sig Move
Blessed Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map390]
LUCA: Maybe we'll find the soul of a lost man and he'll give us treasure for freeing him!
LENNY: On the opposite end, we could be releasing a demon on the world.
LUCA: And that's okay, Lenny. And that's okay.
VENAM: Great, another gate, and the lock's different!
VENAM: I've been knocking for a while! Why isn't anyone answering?
LENNY: Maybe there isn't anyone to answer?
VENAM: Surely someone is here! Why else would this place exist?
LUCA: I got it! This is someone's holiday residence! Which is why they're not here!
VENAM: Luca, love ya, but sometimes...\| You say things.
LUCA: Wow, that's what my mom told me too! I definitely say things.
LENNY: What do we do now?
VENAM: Hm...
VENAM: Take a look over there! That window is open!
LENNY: So we're going to break in then? That sounds like a good idea... not.
VENAM: Yep. Like I said, if this isn't taken care of then Gearen is done for.
LUCA: We don't really have a choice, yeah.
LENNY: Sigh... If we must. Then I'll tag along.
VENAM: Cool. Creepy manor here we come!
LENNY: I've got such a bad feeling about this.
LENNY: Maybe we should head back. If there are TWO gates...
Someone really doesn't want us to be here right now.
LUCA: Knock knock! Anyone home?
LUCA: Huh, no answer!
LENNY: Maybe no one lives here...
It looks like the weird key fits in this gate! Use it?
\PN inserted the key and the gate opened!
VENAM: Bomb. Let's keep going you guys. Nice job, \PN!
The gate is tightly locked.
LUCA: Oh my... The treasure must be soooooo good if they're keeping this much security!
LENNY: "This much security"? They're just gates...
LUCA: Yes.
LENNY: Looks like the doors are closed as well.
I'm serious... We should turn back.
*TOO MANY PEOPLE IN THE VICINITY. SHUTTING DOWN*
MARIANETTE: Too many people...?
There's only two of us here... Is that too many?
Well, if anything, you should probably come back here later by yourself...
WAITING FOR PASSWORD INPUT.
PASSWORD CHOICE ACCEPTED. TRANSLATING...
PASSWORD #1 ACCEPTED AS: ICE.
WAITING FOR PASSWORD INPUT #2.
PASSWORD 2 ACCEPTED AS: GUARDIAN.
WAITING FOR PASSWORD INPUT #3.
PASSWORD #3 ACCEPTED AS: ANGEL.
PASSWORDS 1, 2, 3, ACCEPTED.
PASSWORDS ACCEPTED. OPENING HATCH...
Cold air rushes out...
The panel is no longer responding.
MARIANETTE: ...
Marianette looks as if she refuses to continue past this point.
Keep going?
Locked.
This window seems to be open...
Password # 3: 8187
VENAM: Can someone explain to me what an entire courtyard is doing in my sewers?!
LUCA: Who knows? Maybe the courtyard was here first, then in that case why is there a sewer in their courtyard?
LENNY: Impossible, I've been through this very same door many times before. It's supposed to just lead to a back room storage room.
VENAM: Either way, we need to make it... stop. Otherwise Gearen will be consumed by ghost trees!
VENAM: Whoa, did not expect to see you here, \PN.
LUCA: \PN! Good! I was just talking to Lenny about our rematch.
LENNY: Not the time, Luca. Jeez, \PN probably doesn't even remember you.
LUCA: \PN... Say it isn't so.
LUCA: It's Luca not Lucha! Gosh!
LUCA: I'm not just "Venam's friend", I'm Luca!
LUCA: I'm so hurt.
VENAM: Alright you two. Enough with the clowning around.
We gotta get through this gate somehow.
Tried melting it down with Venam's Kiss, but that somehow felt ridiculous.
So we're gonna try this from a different perspective.
Everyone look for a way around! There's gotta be another way! Maybe.
LUCA: Got it!
LENNY: You got it, boss.
VENAM: \PN, since you're here. Mind helping us out here?
Thanks!
VENAM: We're going to find a way around this gate, or something.
I dunno if you can see, but there's a mansion really far into the courtyard.
Whoever's living there has something to do with all of this!
I'm gonna give that dude a piece of my dumbass mind!
\PN found a weird key!
Open the gates?
\PN opened the gates!
VENAM: You're on a roll! Thanks for the help, \PN! It looks like this one's the last.
Now, for the mansion.
SERVANT: I'm Deandra. I'm new.
It's time for my trial to begin!
What??
DEANDRATHENEWGIRL: Dang, I was defeated.
Thus, a part of your trial has been completed.
Yes
No
Hi Lucha.
You're Venam's friend?
Have we met?
[Map391]
MARIANETTE: Oh no... The pins collided...
If they do, it seems like the puzzle resets itself...
MARIANETTE: Looks like there's more puzzles to be solved...
We did just fine the first time, we can do it again!
MARIANETTE: More puzzles... When will these end?
MARIANETTE: Is that...?
MARIANETTE: \PN, you did it! You solved all of them!
The second trial has been complete! Let's save another one of your friends!
Password # 2: 3135
"The Soul Labyrinth."
MARIANETTE: Um... \v[15], is there something wrong?
MARIANETTE: Wh-What is it?! Please tell me...
DUSKNOIR: Noooiir!
MARIANETTE: Th-That's a Dusknoir!
Th-That thing is known for stealing people and Pokemon alike and dragging them into the nether world...
\v[15], I don't know why it's here, but considering what it's known to do...
I don't know if we want to find out! Run!
MARIANETTE: ...That Dusknoir brought us to the start of the labyrinth...
I mean, I guess that's better than having our souls taken, but... it's still annoying...
The way things are now, we'll never get through without getting caught!
\c[6]There's gotta be a trick to this place... Some kind of clue to give us a chance...
\v[15], we should ask some of the Servants inside of the mansion for help!
MARIANETTE: So this trial is a summoning board...
The goal of this game is to get both of the pins to hover over the markers at the same time.
The pieces will both move in the direction of your choosing.
Good luck, \v[15]...
What would you like to do?
MARIANETTE: Huff...\| Huff...\| Oh my... That was...\| Something...\| Huff...\| wasn't it?
MARIANETTA: \v[15]! We made it out of the labyrinth!
Oh my goodness, I don't think I've ever run that fast ever!!
But you were super cool too, \v[15]!! The way you dashed through the hedges!!
Y-You're so cool!
MARIANETTE: Er... \v[15], you need to learn how to be a little more modest...
MARIANETTE: Woow! So modest too! You're the coolest!
MARIANETTE: But it's true! Tee-hee... You'll be my new role-model, \PN!
Oops, I mean \v[15]. Gotta keep our names coded for our friend squad!
MARIANETTE: Um... On second thought, maybe you still have a long way to be cool, \v[15].
Brave for sure, but yeahhhh...
DUSKNOIR: NNooooiir!
MARIANETTE: B-But we completed the labyrinth!
What more does it want from us?!
SERVANT: It's not done with you two yet.
MARIANETTE: ...
SERVANT: Let's see if you can survive my Dusknoir head on.
MARIANETTE: \PN, this thing may be too strong for just you!
I-I'm helping too!
Wow... Well done.
DUSKNOIR: Nooir...
SERVANT: O-Oh my! What power... Alright, you win this round.
SERVANT: Please proceed.
MARIANETTE: We did it, \v[15]! We actually did it!
That stupid Dusknoir was all "I'm going to drag you to heck" and we were like, "Not without a fight!"
MARIANETTA: Teehee, it was pretty cool wasn't it?
MARIANETTE: W-Wait, I'm gloating... That's something I just scolded you for!
Oops!
Hehe, guess we both have a lot to learn when it comes to being modest.
Let's do this together, \v[15]!
MARIANETTE: Wait, I should stop gloating! It's not cool to gloat!
(But it's a little fun to be proud of your own abilities, I guess...)
MARIANETTA: O-Oh... Sorry. I won't kid around anymore.
You're right, things are too dire to just act silly...
MARIANETTE: R-Really?? I was a great help?
I... I tried my best! I just wanted to help, is all!
I'll work hard to keep being useful! We'll do this together, \v[15]!
Password # 1: 7896
STOP TOUCHING ME
SERVANT: Are you lost? So am I...\| Let's be lost together...
Are you truly lost?
SERVANT: Once lost, now found.
Thus, a part of your trial has been completed.
SERVANT: You've mastered this round, but will you survive the following trials?
\c[6]"The Red Ivy clears the way..."
STOOP
SERVANT: Oh... So you've found me...
Time for my trial to come to light...!
My trial has been completed...
SERVANT: Defeated in battle, I was.
MAID: Defeated in battle, I was.
Quit
Reset
Continue
Yeah, I am.
It was nothing...
You flatter me...
Say it again.
It was cool.
Calm down.
You were great help!
[Map392]
VENAM: Damn, take a look at this place. The decor is definitely... intimidating.
LUCA: Aw, this place looks like it has no treasure at all.
This just looks like my aunt Sally's house. Maybe she moved!
LENNY: Luca, didn't your aunt die last year?
LUCA: Oh yeah.
???: Who's there?!
???: Denizens of the outer world... Just how did you stumble in here?
VENAM: Finally... Someone showed up. You have a lot to answer for!
I dunno how you're doing it, but you being here is making our world go through some tough shit!
These ghost trees keep appearing in East Gearen City!
???: Gearen City? Not Kugearen? Interesting.
So, a way to my mansion has appeared and as a result, chaos has reigned over your world.
Am I getting that correct?
LUCA: Yup.
???: It seems our worlds are quite literally colliding. But I have not opened up any path of this sort.
VENAM: Doesn't matter. It's your mansion, your problem. Fix it now!
???: To come into my estate unwelcomed, and demand something of me takes some nerve.
Leave. I have no concern over your world.
VENAM: Not until you FIX things. Have you not been listening?
???: So be it. Stay, but you may find out that this isn't the outcome you wished for.
Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Indriad Theolia. You will remember it.
VENAM: Cool, I'm Venam, and these are my friends \PN, Luca and Lenny.
INDRIAD: ...! Did you...?\| No, never mind.
VENAM: What?
INDRIAD: Tell me, children. Do you know of the dual prophecies?
They're written down in ancient language on the statues outside, but I shall summarize.
In the prophecies, there is mention of 8 individuals. Four lights, four darknesses.
VENAM: Wow, kind of a clich prophecy. Lemme guess, chosen people of good and evil, right?
INDRIAD: Not necessarily chosen. As long as you fit the description, that's all that's required.
LUCA: What are these descriptions?
INDRIAD: Well, that's irrelevant for now. I just wanted you all to know that little detail.
However; as you have all refused to leave, there's something unfortunate that I must do.
VENAM: Huh...?
INDRIAD: Me telling you all this was just a way to buy my servants some time.
As of this moment, all the gates and doors have been locked. You will not be leaving my estate.
LUCA: Hahaha, that's a nice joke. Anyway, we need you to be serious!
INDRIAD: I'm dead serious, actually.
VENAM: What do you think this is?! You can't just keep us here!
LENNY: As if we'd just sit around and let you keep us hostage. We'll fight our way out.
INDRIAD: You think far too low of me. I'm not an ignorant fool like you.
But fine, if that's how you wish to play this game, then I'll cheat a bit.
VENAM: Hey! Let go of me right now!
INDRIAD: Lock them up and seal their souls away.
We will have much need for them in the upcoming rituals.
SERVANTS: As you wish, Master Indriad.
INDRIAD: And now, it begins.
...
???: Hey...\| I don't know if you can hear me, but I'm working on setting you free.
Just follow my directions, okay? They're easy, promise...
First, I'm going to need you to be calm.\| Can you do that, please?
???: Yes, that's good... Please keep calm.
Oh... I can see that your soul holds great potential.
I can see why father put you in such a state... I'm so sorry.
B-But don't worry... Like I said, I'm working on getting you out.
???: I-If it's not too much trouble... Could I ask you a couple questions?
How do you feel right now?
???: ...I'm so sorry... To be in a situation like this... I know how you feel.
I'm trapped too.
But not all of us need to be trapped... Y-You know?
???: O-Oh, really?! You feel safe with me? That's good...
I really do wanna help... I've been trapped here too. For a long time.
???: P-Please calm down. At least, don't be angry with me... I just want to help...
I've been trapped in this mansion for a long time too... But it doesn't have to be that way for you.
???: It's hard to process emotions sometimes. I get it... I know exactly how you feel.
???: I-I'm almost done...\| Just one more question. I did ask for a couple, right...?
What makes you happy?
???: I wish I knew how that felt. But I'm glad you've felt this happiness.
N-No, that's not true! I have felt this way before! I had a friend long ago.
I can't remember her name, but her face resonates within my mind...
A-And not to mention my own Pokemon! They've gotten me through so much.
???: Do these things really bring happiness though?
I guess for the person who is receiving these things... sure...
But these two things can be dangerous in the hands of those who wish ill will on others.
I hope you're not this kind of person.
???: To be known and loved by many? I can see that comforting someone...
I can't fathom the possibility of me ever knowing this feeling.
Hm... Maybe it's not that I want to be famous and admired...
More like... I want a lot of people to love who I am. I don't want to feel rejected anymore...
???: F-Food? Oh...\| That was unexpected answer...
I like waffles! Also pancakes... They go real well with berries!!
Um, I also like chocolate... Once I had chocolate cake and it was so delicious!
I haven't had that in so long... I miss it a lot, but it's okay.
I know when this is all over, I can get all the chocolate pancakes in the entire world!
S-Sorry, this is getting really off topic...
???: U-Um, I'm done... That's all there is to it.
So... Why isn't this working? Oh! That's why... One second!
???: H-Hello! I freed you from your prison!
Um... It was unwise to come here. Father is a horrible person...
If he finds out that I freed you, he will do horrible things.
I couldn't find your other friends, I'm sorry. But for now, you sh-should leave.
I'm going back to my room now...
There's a mural of a blonde haired girl with a ponytail.
It's a dull and rusted sword and shield... Somehow it looks sad.
Locked.
"The Legend of Cyrela's Altar." Read up on this?
"Long after the war between the 7 nations, practice of ancient rituals have continued in secrecy.
The home of Cyrela was located deep within the woods of Aevium.
Once Cyrela died, her subordinates took her estate and turned it into a place of worship for their goddess, Meloetta.
Cyrela's subordinates were known to be radical cultists that participated in mass sacrificial rituals.
It was rumored that underneath her mansion laid a gigantic altar where these rituals would take place.
Cyrela's spirit was angered by the radical ideologies that her subordinates have taken and crept up from her grave.
She shook the earth and wiped out her own faction within one night.
Estranged family of Cyrela then took her mansion and protected it from being used in harmful ways ever again.
Cyrela's soul sleeps soundly."
They're worn and broken down dual crystal swords...
A poor sight.
SERVANT: Have you visited the Labyrinth?
\c[6]They say those that follow the path of the red vine will reach the end...
SERVANT: Wh\|-What?! What are you doing out of your realm?!
If Master Indriad sees this he'll be furious...
SERVANT: You... What are you doing out of your confinement?
MARIANETTE: Um, excuse me, but please let us through.
We wish to speak with--
SERVANT: Master Indriad isn't seeing any guests at this point.
MARIANETTE: Guests? I'm his daughter...
SERVANT: I can't do anything more for you.
MARIANETTE: F-Fine, maybe I'll just cause trouble and get Father to leave his room!
SERVANT: ...??
MARIANETTE: Imagine how furious he'd be if he found out that you all just let me cause p-problems!
Who knows what'll happen in th-that case!
SERVANT: I-I suppose we can let you through for just a little while.
But I beg of you, please behave in his presence...
MARIANETTE: Phew... That was scary! I thought I was gonna puke!
B-But that was just a practice round for what's gonna happen next...
"The Queen with Crystal Swords."
"Long ago there existed the Queen of Aevium.
She was revered by her people and respected by the smaller kingdoms that existed under her wing.
On the battlefield, she fought with her army as she thought if her people's life were on the line, then hers should be as well.
By the Gods, she was blessed with dual crystal swords she dubbed as Benevolence and Malevolence.
Two halves of the same coin that struck together in unison.
One never overpowering the other, and never faltering.
It was with these very swords that the Queen ended the war.
May peace last forever after."
SERVANT: You shouldn't be here right now... Master Indriad... Please forgive us.
???: Hm...?
???: W-Wahh!? What are you doing in my room?!
Didn't I tell you to leave? You can't stay here!
???: Wahh! You actually followed me?! P-Please, just tell me what you want!
MARIANETTE: L-Like I said before, I don't know where they are.
They're certainly not in the manor, I've looked everywhere for them, I swear!
I don't understand why you won't leave...
???: Wh-What about me? I'll be fine here. You're the one that's in danger.
???: Th-This isn't the time for that... Please, you must go!
I know before you said you were sad, and I get that, but...
Before you said you felt safe, but if you really don't leave soon...
I-I know you said you were angry before, but please don't take it out on me...
I've done everything I can...
You said before that you didn't know how you were feeling, but...
???: It's because you haven't given up, right?
Even through through my father's endless cruelty, you decide to push on...
Your bravery... It's so admirable.
I wish I were brave like you. Then maybe...
???: Maybe, I could even...!
Grrr..... Graahhh!!
I-I've decided that I'm going to help you get your friends back!
I'm t-tired of being afraid! I wanna help...!
Father may be strong, b-but I won't let that scare me anymore!
Sorry for such a late introduction, b-but my name is...\| Marianette.
MARIANETTE: Now that you know my name, what's yours?
\PN... Okay, I got it.
MARIANETTE: \PN, if we're going to pull this off, I think the best thing to do is to confront Father head on and let him know.
I-I know it sounds like a bad idea, but if Father finds us snooping about, he'll be extremely angry.
Father is... strange. If we set this up to be some sort of game, he'll agree to it.
He loves to be cruel and put people through horrendous trials... It's entertainment for him.
Or perhaps something more... I don't know, but please trust me.
He's on the same floor as this one. We should hurry, or we'll be too late...
Marianette joined \PN!
<ac>Marianette has joined your party!</ac>
<ac>She will have new things to say depending on your location!</ac>
<ac>Spending time and talking to her will benefit you in the long run, so don't be shy!</ac>
"Storage Deposit".
SERVANT: Well... Just take a look at you two. Two peas in a pod.
It's very unusual for Indriad to have guests. Very interesting...
MARIANETTE: Father gave \v[15] and I trials to complete around the manor.
MARIANETTE: Father gave \PN and I trials to complete around the manor.
If we're successful, we can save the three Father trapped within this world.
SERVANT: Oh...? Three? Only three?
MARIANETTE: ...??
SERVANT: I'll let you in on a little secret. There are a group of rebel Servants who wish to rebel against Indriad.
But I won't tell you who... You'll have to find them yourselves.
Whether or not you want to do this is up to you, but I feel like the result may be of use to you in the long run...
MARIANETTE: Um, okay... So, what's the trial?
SERVANT: Three other maids have been scattered across the area.
Find and defeat them in battle.
When all three Maids are defeated in battle, your trial will be complete.
Your reward will be made clear after it is complete.
MARIANETTE: Okay! We can do that I think...
SERVANT: Oh... And what are you two doing around the manor?
It's very unusual for Indriad to have...guests.
MARIANETTE: We're trying to complete a trial that my father gave us...
If we successfully save all three of \PN's friends, we get to leave this dreaded place...
SERVANT: Three? Only three?
Ohoho... Interesting...Yes, interesting indeed.
Well, how about I give you my own trial, too?
Whether you want to complete it or not is up to you entirely...
But perhaps completing it may do some good?
MARIANETTE: ...Okay... Well, what's the trial?
Three maids have been scattered across the area.
SERVANT: Three maids have been scattered across the area.
SERVANT: Oh my... It seems like you've defeated all three of my well-trained maids.
A promise is a promise... You have completed my trial.
And as a reward, I will open up all the locked doors in the mansion for you.
You may take anything you find behind these doors.
Oh... and concerning the doors located in your temporary room...
You will require more info to progress.
What I mean by that? Well, you'll just have to see for yourself.
SERVANT: I've opened up all of the doors located in the mansion.
This includes the locked doors located in your temporary room.
Take a nap?
INDRIAD: I don't remember allowing anyone to enter this room.
MARIANETTE: ...Father.
INDRIAD: And why is \PN out of their confinement?
You freed \PN, Marianette?
MARIANETTE: ...Y-Yes, I freed \PN.
INDRIAD: So not only are you disobedient, but you are also a traitor.
I could not have imagined I'd have raised such a distasteful and disgusting child.
MARIANETTE: C-Call me what you will, fine, but we're not here for this.
We're here because we've decided to fight back against you!
INDRIAD: Is that so?
MARIANETTE: I propose a game. For the souls of everyone you're keeping captive here.
INDRIAD: You have nerve, girl. Too much of it, perhaps.
But I must admit your proposition intrigues me. I'm surprised by your initiative.
Speak then, what are your conditions?
MARIANETTE: \PN and I will rescue everyone and if we're successful, we all get to leave without interference.
In addition to that, you will close the path to this world.
That way, the collision of this world and the world \PN is from will cease.
INDRIAD: And what if you're not successful? What happens then?
MARIANETE: ...
Then you claim ownership of all of our souls... Myself included.
I'm including myself in this game. It's all or nothing.
I won't back down from this!
INDRIAD: Your stubbornness...\| It reminds me of your mother.
But, that being said... I accept these terms.
Throughout this manor there are three fields. Each with a trial I shall present to you.
At the end of each trial is a soul of one of your friends. Free them and freedom is yours.
MARIANETTE: G-Got it... We'll get right on it then.
INDRIAD: I will be absent from here on out to ensure that there is no interference in this game.
I'll be waiting to see just what you two can accomplish.
MARIANETTE: Th-That was so scary... I didn't expect that to work out like it did.
But now we have to complete trials if we want to save everyone.
Okay, \PN... Together, we can do this! We'll save your friends and your world!
MARIANETTE: Hey... since we're working together now, that means we're a team now right?
I've read stories about leaders in groups having cool nicknames...
In that case, d-do you mind if I give you a nickname?
MARIANETTE: Uwah! Really?! Thank you so much! Ahh! I'm so excited!
Hm.. Let's see... Your hair and your clothes... They remind me of a tree!
A willow tree! Your name shall now be \v[15]!
C'mon, \v[15]! Let's win this game!
Your pink hair is so lushous and pretty! It stands out and reminds me of a Cherry Blossom!
Your nickname will be \v[15]! Yay, \v[15]!
You're so perky and bright, like a Cherry! I think your name will be \v[15]!
Your clothes remind me of an Absol. For that reason I'm gonna call you... World Ender.
I'm kidding, I'm gonna call you Silver!
Your hair is as white and soft as snow! So I'm going to call you \v[15]!
You seem so confident and always keep your head high... like an Eagle!
I'm going to call you that from now on, if that's okay?
Hm... I'm sorta blanking on names for you. Your black attire with your pink hair...
I dunno, there's something kinda mystifying about you... But also protective!
W-Wait, I got it! I'll call you Hope!
MARIANETTE: Please, please, please! I've always wanted to give my teammate a nickname!
It'll be a cool name, I promise!
Sad
Safe
Angry
I don't know...
Friends and Family
Money and Power
Fame and Admiration
Food and more food.
Yes
No
My friends?
What about you?
Just saying hi.
Sure
Uh...
[Map393]
Locked.
Take a nap?
There's a flashing red button on the keyboard.
Press it?
\PN pressed the button.
MARIANETTE: Oh dear... Whatever that was shook the entire house...
We should take a look outside, right?
MAID: What's this now?
MARIANETTE: Hey... Do you happen to know the Maid guarding my father's room?
MAID: Perhaps I do...
MARIANETTE: Well, she wants you to get back to work as soon as possible...
MAID: Does she now...? Why does that concern you two?
MARIANETTE: She won't let us through unless we get you to return to your post.
MAID: Oh... I see... A trial then, is it?
Teehee... I suppose trials are fun.
Tell you what... I'll get back to work if you complete a small trial for me.
MARIANETTE: W-What? But we're already doing a trial for-
MAID: I don't care what you're doing. You complete my trial or you're outta luck.
MARIANETTE: F-Fine, what's your trial then?
MAID: Teehee...
I lost something somewhere out on the Courtyard...
If you can find it for me, I'll mark my trial as complete.
Thus I shall return back to my post and you'll be able to talk to Indriad...
That's what you want, don't you?
MARIANETTE: ...It's doable... What did you lose?
MAID: I lost my precious bracelet that Indriad gave me a long time ago...
It's so important to me... So important that I haven't been able to complete anything.
MARIANETTE: I suppose we'll have a look then...
MAID: If you find my precious lost bracelet for me, I'll mark your trial as complete...
Once that happens, I'll go upstairs and get back to work.
MAID: Oh dear... Oh my... Could it be...?
Yes, this does indeed look like the bracelet I lost.
...But I'm afraid I have yet another trial for you two.
MARIANETTE: ...Wh-What?! That's not what you promised...
MAID: Sorry, so sorry, but I have one more trial for you.
MARIANETTE: What is it then?
MAID: You there, \PN was it?
I sense a great power emanating from you. You're absolutely glowing.
Could this just be inner potential? Or perhaps it's something much deeper than that?
Either way, I'm curious...
Teehee.... Teehee... heehee....
Well, shall we begin? Heehee... Let's battle.
Oh, I see... So that's how you are... Yes, good.
MAID: Oh dear... that power is quite remarkable.
But that's not what I saw before, no, what I saw...
Was something with even more untapped potential.
...Well, as much as I hate it... A deal is definitely a deal.
I will get back to my post and continue working.
That should fulfill your trial with the Maid upstairs, right?
Well then, have fun I guess. Don't die to Indriad.
MARIANETTE: ...It's unlike the Maids to be so... vocal.
Perhaps that one was just a rebel or something.
I guess that's fine, though... We should be able to get past the doors upstairs now.
INDRIAD: ...Hmph.
MARIANETTE: ...
MARIANETTE: ...Um...
INDRIAD: Honestly, Marianette?
You come this far just to hide behind a lowly prisoner?
Even you cannot be that horribly distasteful.
MARIANETTE: We wish to speak to you, father, on the status of \PN's companions.
INDRIAD: Clearly. What other reason would you have to come here and bore me?
I gave all four of you a chance to exit my house, but you chose the stubborn route.
Or, rather, you had that route chosen for you... Isn't that more accurate?
MARIANETTE: We want you to free the other three, father.
INDRIAD: And why would I do such a thing?
They're my property now, and that's just how it's going to be.
You freed \PN from their prison. Is that not enough for you? You selfish girl.
Leave, \PN, or will you choose the stubborn route again?
MARIANETTE: ...Fine. If that's how you want to be, father. I can choose myself, too.
How about we play a little game?
INDRIAD: ... A game you say?
And what would this game entail?
MARIANETTE: If \PN and I can find and free the others, you'll let us go.
INDRIAD: "Us"?
MARIANETTE: ...Yes, that is what I said. I am including myself in this game.
I no longer wish to stay here at the mansion.
INDRIAD: And what if you two are to lose this game?
MARIANETTE: ...You can do whatever you wish.
You get to choose what you get.
INDRIAD: I see... Your determination is quite impressive.
It reminds me of your mother.
But unfortunately for both of us, we had her snatched away from us.
Which two people in this room have witnessed...
Fine. I accept your terms.
If you two are to successfully win this game, you will all leave...together.
And with that, I'll leave you with a hint.
For I am a generous man, after all.
In all three corners of this mansion, I have hidden three souls in plain sight.
Only with the completion of these trials will they emerge from their slumber.
MARIANETTE: ...Thank you, father.
We'll be going now.
INDRIAD: ...
INDRIAD: It's been quite some time...hasn't it...?
Quite some time since I've worn these sacred garments...
Anathea...
It will all be over soon. Very, very soon.
???: H-Hey, are you feeling okay?
???: I'm going to take that as a yes...
Listen, I completed your trial and freed you.
If you're smart you'd leave now.
You can rest up in that bed if you'd like, but after that...
You shouldn't have come here in the first place.
If father found out that I rescued you... He would do terrible things.
Just get out of here, okay?
I'm going back to my room...
It's a white cube.
There's a puzzle on the side of it, but it looks like someone else already completed it.
\PN found a key!
???: W-What...? Why are you in my room?
I finished up your trial and set you free from my father's grasp.
You shouldn't be here any longer...
Your friends....?
Unfortunately, I don't know what I can do about them...
They're not anywhere inside the mansion. They're probably located somewhere in the crypts...
But going there would basically blow your cover...
It's a stupid idea. You should just take this chance to just get out of here.
???: W-What? You don't have a choice?
I see...
Well... it would be better to confront my father, rather than sneaking around under his nose.
...It's decided!
I'll help you get your friends back, okay?
There's no way you can get around the manor by yourself...
And there's no way I can do this by myself in general.
So we'll team up, find all your friends, and get out of here!
Oh! How silly of me... I haven't even told you my name.
My name is Maria...\|nette. Marianette... that's right.
MARIANETTE: As you've probably already concluded, I'm the daughter of Indriad.
I'm only 10 years old, but I can get things done if I have help.
So help me and I'll help you!
My father's room is on the very top floor of this mansion.
All we have to do is go up there and speak to them.
But let me do the speaking, okay? I'll...\| figure something out.
Yay! \PN and Marianette! Teaming up to take down the forces of evil! Hehe...
C'mon! Let's go to the top floor together!
This wall seems to be cracked... Break through the wall?
Yes
No
[Map394]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
[Map395]
MELIA: Wait, what? Trucks? A bridge?
MELIA: The letters on this truck are Garufan letters...
???: Gahhh!!!
MELIA: Ren?!
MELIA: Ren!!
MELIA: Ren, what's going on?
REN: Melia! Be careful... I'm being chased!
MELIA: What are those things?!
REN: They're similar to the bots I came across in Eclysia.
They're not Pokemon, but they're equally as dangerous-
REN: Grahhh!!
Don't worry, I'll take care of these things...
MELIA: Let's go!
Malfunctioning! Malfunctioning!
MELIA: Phew... That was tough.
Those things resembled Metang and Lairon, but they were just robots.
REN: Yeah, there are Magneton, Claydol and Golurk variations too.
MELIA: Ren! Are you okay?
REN: Y-Yeah, for the most part. I had a rough landing so I'm kind of beat up in some parts.
As you've also noticed, I'm glitching out pretty bad.
It's worse than it's ever been... Maybe I need some repairs.
MELIA: I still have those repair kits Erin gave me when we were training.
I'm still not amazing with machines, but with those kits I think I've learned quite a bit.
Maybe I can patch you up?
REN: That would be appreciated...
MELIA: Hm... oops.
REN: O-Oops?! What do you mean "oops"?!
MELIA: Haha, I'm just kidding. Have more faith in me.
REN: ...
MELIA: Does this hurt at all?
REN: Nope, I don't feel a thing, actually.
MELIA: That's good. Things seem to be fine overall, fortunately.
Besides a few dents here and there.
REN: Yeah.
MELIA: Hey, Ren... Do you mind if I ask you a question?
REN: You just did.
MELIA: Oh, yeah... Guess you're right. Sorry.
REN: Heh, I was just kidding. Have more faith in me.
MELIA: Oh screw off, Ren! You're not supposed to use my own excuse back at me!
REN: Really, though. What did you want to ask?
MELIA: Does Venam seem different to you lately?
REN: Well, yeah. She's not as loud and obnoxious like before.
She seems to keep to herself mostly now.
Still has that fiery side of her, though. Surprised she prefers Poison over Fire.
MELIA: Yeah, but I mean deeper than that. She's so serious all the time now.
And being serious can be good, but I feel like that's all she is lately.
Not only that, but it feels like she's been avoiding me.
Ignoring my jokes, turning her back to me when I speak up to her...
Just small things like that. They're adding up and it's making me worried.
REN: She's been through a lot. I mean, we all have, but...
Hers was different. She was turned to stone, and according to her she was semi-conscious through all of it.
Imagine being awake, but you can't move, can't talk, can't sleep...
You just sit there for hours and hours on end hoping someone would hear your voice.
MELIA: I...\| I try not to think about that too much. It's horrifying.
REN: It's possible she's done a lot of self reflecting in that time she was gone.
MELIA: I just hope Venam hasn't lost herself in the process of that.
REN: Well, you make her happy. That much is obvious.
As long as you two are together, I think things will work out. Know what I mean?
MELIA: Yeah...\| Thanks Ren. I feel a lot better.
Oh, and repairs are done. You can reboot.
REN: Gotcha.
REN: Thanks! I feel a lot better now.
MELIA: Yeah. Me too. I guess we've repaired each other, in a way!
REN: We're a team and that's what we do.
But also... If you're having these concerns, you should really bring it up with Venam.
Letting things bottle up isn't good. I know from experience.
MELIA: Yeah, I will. We should find her first, though.
REN: Yeah. Lead the way!
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
REN: This looks like something we can put inside the generator!
Let's take this with us for now.
MELIA: We've found 3 of those cylinders. Let's try and see if we can do anything with these.
MELIA: Huh? Wonder what this is?
VENAM: So, what did you guys find when I was stuck?
MELIA: Absolutely nothing... Other than that resting area.
VENAM: Well, start with those weird holograms.
REN: Melia and I just powered on the generator and they appeared.
VENAM: Taking the logo plastered everywhere down here, I'd imagine this place was owned by Garufans.
MELIA: That's what we think as well.
VENAM: Damn... This is some government conspiracy shit.
MELIA: Oh, and by the way... I know we fell down here, but I couldn't find a way out with Hapi.
Hapi and I flew for a long time but it felt like we were flying through an endless black void.
Eventually, somehow I made it back here. That's when I saw Ren being attacked.
It's like I was in some sort of world loop.
VENAM: That's concerning-
VENAM: ...!
MELIA: Huh? Venam? Is everything alright?
MADELIS: What...\| What are you three doing down here?!
MELIA: Madelis?!
MADELIS: You need to hide immediately, understand?!
REN: This is bad...
VENAM: Don't worry, I'll take care of her.
MELIA: No, stop! Don't do anything rash!
MADELIS: We don't have time for this! You need to-
???: Madelis, do I have to ask you to hurry up again?
CASSANDRA: What is the meaning of this?!
REN: So what Ryland said was true... Cassandra is part of Team Xen!
VENAM: Didn't I just say this was some sort of government conspiracy?
CASSANDRA: ...My identity has been compromised!
No...\| I've worked far too hard for it all to end right here!
I can make this work. Just look at who's here.
Nastasia's assistant, some girl, and our prime target, Melia.
Madelis, kill the other two and capture Melia!
MADELIS: I...
\sh\c[7]CASSANDRA: DO IT NOW!
MELIA: Madelis...
MADELIS: Urgh...
Where do we go from here?
CASSANDRA: Utterly useless in every sense of the word!
There's no way we can leave them to walk away, but we can't leave things unfinished.
We have backup waiting for us above. Retreat for now!
(MELIA: ...)
MADELIS: Right.
REN: If we let Cassandra report me, not only will I get in trouble, but Nastasia as well.
VENAM: You said Ryland told you Cassandra was part of Team Xen.
Why did you need his words to confirm that? Shouldn't you know?
REN: Cassandra isn't even listed as a member in their database back at Xen HQ.
I assume they want to make her membership a secret at all costs.
MELIA: She's supposed to be the mayor. It'd be chaos if this truth came out.
VENAM: Ren and I can take care of this. You just stay put, Melia.
MELIA: Are you insane? Do you expect me to just sit down here and wait for you both?
VENAM: Team Xen is after you, remember? The best thing to do is sit down here and wait.
MELIA: I've trained alongside everyone so that I could defend myself.
If you think I'm going to do nothing, you've got another thing coming!
REN: Venam, what's going on with you? Why are you acting like this?
VENAM: You two are just being illogical. This is the best course of action.
If Melia is safe and away from Team Xen, they cannot capture her.
REN: And you think down here is safe? I was just resting when a machine almost tore me into pieces!
Not to mention that Gyarados that almost obliterated all of us!
VENAM: If she stays inside, the most she'll get attacked by, if at all, are lesser machines.
She can handle those. Am I wrong?
REN: You're--\| I don't even know what to say to that, Venam!
We're supposed to be a team, and if we're not going to go together as a one, then we're not going at all!
VENAM: Fine, you both can stay down here and be illogical as long as you want.
REN: This is new...
VENAM: This would've been helpful a few moments ago when they were trying to get away.
MELIA: I'm not concerned with them right now. They wouldn't dare leave without me.
MELIA: That being said, we need to talk. Now.
VENAM: There's nothing to talk about. Release the barrier.
MELIA: No, you will listen to me speak. I'm done avoiding this.
What is with you? You've been overprotective and controlling ever since we've been on this mission.
VENAM: I-
MELIA: Conversely, you've been so distant at the same time. I refuse to let this fester for any longer.
VENAM: I don't know what you want me to say?
Would you prefer me to be the way I used to be?
Do you want me to jump into action without thinking about anyone else?
I thought you wanted me to change!
MELIA: I don't want you to change for me. I want you to grow as a person.
We've all been through so much hell.\| You, me, Ren, Aelita, Erin, \v[12]...
So many of our friends have gone through so much to get to this point.
But we can't let these grievances change who we are...
VENAM: You're wrong...
VENAM: Because of my carelessness, I was out of commission for almost three months.
Even though I was nothing but stone, I could still feel the pain of my friends-- Of you.
I watched as you suffered on Blacksteeple Castle.
I watched as \v[12] suffered. I watched as all of my friends suffered!
And where was I? In a hospital pod. I could've been there to help...
The person I was before... She can't exist, and she shouldn't.
REN: But we don't blame you for these things, Venam.
The things that happened to all of us were terrible, but we grew as of a result.
MELIA: Ren is right. Life is unpredictable and sends us into paths we've never imagined.
We learn from these things, but we don't let the negativity rule us.
VENAM:\ts[2] I just wish...\| I was there to grow with you.
I'm just a useless girl who can't even protect herself... But I'm trying...
I'm so fucking afraid of losing anyone... I don't want my friends to die...
Things have gotten so serious... When I heard about Melia having the archetype within her...
I just collapsed within' myself. If I lost her, it would over for all of us.
MELIA: Venam...
VENAM: Everyone is working so hard to be strong, but I can't do it!
I'm nothing compared to the rest of the group...
REN: Venam. You should know better than that...
MELIA: You're everything to us!\| You're everything to me.
We're the weak ones, Venam. We should have been right there with you, helping.
VENAM: I didn't give you guys an opportunity to help.\| That was my fault.
REN: There's no doubt the road ahead will be tough, and we'll go through some more pretty bad times.
MELIA: But we'll be there to get through it together.
We'll fall to pieces if we don't.
REN: And in the end, just like all the times before, we'll become stronger because of it.
VENAM: You guys...\| I'm so sorry.
VENAM: Phew, well... That was a lot. Sorry about that guys.
I was acting totally uncool.
MELIA: But it's like Ren said, isn't it? We'll go through rough times and grow even stronger because of it.
That's exactly what just happened.
VENAM: Yeah... You're right.
MELIA: Guess this means what Erin told me was right.
My powers really come through whenever emotions are involved.
VENAM: ...Seriously wish you got emotional just a few moments earlier.
Just saying, that barrier would've really helped us out.
MELIA: ...Shush.
VENAM: Hehe...
REN: Alright, well, we need a plan. If Cassandra and Madelis escape...
MELIA: I wouldn't worry about that. I'm their prime target.
There's no way they'd leave this cave without trying something.
And besides, if they do end up escaping, I have a way to stop them from doing anything rash.
VENAM: And that is?
MELIA: Thank goodness they didn't notice, but I secretly grabbed a photo of Cassandra and Madelis together.
If they even decide to do anything stupid, we can blackmail them with this!
There's no way Cassandra would jeopardize herself. She'd kneel.
REN: Wow... Never thought you'd go for blackmail.
VENAM: But I like it... This'll be our trump card. Don't lose this photo!
MELIA: I won't.
REN: They ran north, so our exit's gotta be that way.
MELIA: Let's bring down another tyrant.
(MELIA: Hehe...\| Hehahaha...
I've been tugged and pulled around by Team Xen for far too long to not know how they operate by now.
And thanks to Damien's research on their tactics, I should be right about something.
Right now...\| I bet someone was listening in on that conversation, right?
Whoever you are... You better tell your boss exactly what I said.
And tell her to stay put, because we'd like another word with them.)
GRUNT: This is bad... I need to notify Cassandra right away...
MELIA: Got one. Let's see what else we can do...
KABUTO: Kabuo!
"KHARON: My name is Kharon. I am an adventurer from Spotlight City.
I was doing an expedition in the GoldenField part of Aevium when I seemed to have fell through the ground!
That's what I get for walking on weaker ground.
Anyway, I seem to have ended up in a quiet and dim cave.
The place gives me a very eerie feeling. Almost as if something, or someone, is watching me.
I shall gather my thoughts and try to find a way out of this cave!"
MELIA: Wow... I can't believe someone else happened to find themselves in this place.
I wonder if he ever found his way out?
"Loading Bay."
"KHARON: This place is strange... It's like I've fallen into a different world.
Different world, different laws, it seems.
I found a vacant building on my search for an exit.
Fortunately for me, it was powered! I could finally breathe again!
It was all good until... Well, these people started to stare at me.
No matter what I said to them, they wouldn't respond.
Finally I got so creeped out by them that I took the fuel rods out of the generator and shut the whole place down.
I'm sleeping "outside" now, but that isn't much better.
Not only are these mechanical beasts chasing me, but there's... a presence here.
I mentioned it before, but it's getting stronger and stronger every day."
MELIA: Reading these entries... It's so harrowing.
REN: And to think I gave up that position to become a dog trainer...
I'm about to get mauled to pieces by three naughty doggies.\| Fantastic...
You guys aren't very nice, I'll have you know.
MELIA: Ren!
REN: Melia! I was beginning to think you decided robots deserved nothing but suffering.
MELIA: I decided today would be a day I empathize with our fellow machine race.
These three, on the other hand, are asking for it.
MELIA: They're... leaving??
REN: That's... weird. Maybe they were intimidated by us?
MELIA: ...No.\| Something's off.
MELIA: What the??
REN: Melia, over there!
MELIA: Something's down there...
GYARADOS: \ts[1]Graaahhhhhh!
REN: Th-That's one big Gyarados...
MELIA: I'm experiencing an uncomfortable amount of deja vu right now...
Those Lairon must have sensed this Gyarados was resurfacing!
REN: Maybe we should do the same...
MELIA: Run where? That thing is huge enough to attack us no matter where we go!
We've trained with Alexandra and Damien for any situation. We can handle this!
REN: Alright, then let's fight! I better not glitch out mid battle!
MELIA: I think we've done it...
REN: ...?
MELIA: Uh...
\sh\c[7]MELIA: VENAM?!
VENAM: Finally... That thing wouldn't come above shore for nothin'.
REN: You were inside that machine this entire time?!
VENAM: When Nim knocked us down here, I landed on an island to the south.
That bastard didn't even give me a chance to get my bearings.
It gobbled me up the moment it saw me.
I can't believe I let myself become careless for a second time...
MELIA: Well, that explains why we couldn't find you anywhere...
What would've happened if we didn't run into this Gyarados?
VENAM: I would've found a way. No matter what.
MELIA: ...
REN: So... What are we gonna do about this guy?
VENAM: There's no way that thing is functional after the work we put it through.
We don't have to worry at all.
MELIA: You should get some rest at the spot Ren and I found.
VENAM: Don't need it.
MELIA: Venam, you could be seriously hurt without even realizing it.
It would be best if we check up on you back at the-
\sh\c[7]VENAM: Melia, I said I don't need it! We can continue our search immediately!
That Pearl Component is in this place somewhere, and we need to get it as quickly as possible.
REN: Melia's right, Venam. Stop being childish and let's get you checked up on.
Unless you want to be careless a third time and collapse when we really need you.
VENAM: Fine. If that'll make you two happy. I'll rest for a little while.
But then we're getting a move on as soon as we find out everything's fine.
MELIA: Okay...
VENAM: ...
MELIA: Rgh... Ren, let's retreat for now!
REN: R-Right!
MELIA: Ugh, no good... That Gyarados won't go away.
REN: We're going to have to destroy it. Let's rest up and regroup.
We just need to try again!
MELIA: Yeah...
MELIA: It's another one of those things... The one that looks like Lairon.
REN: Seems to be deactivated. Let's not activate it by mistake...
OMANYTE: Crrk!
REN: Man... Where did we end up now? This is insane.
Now we're pulling up to some kind of underground city?
MELIA:\c[6] It's like we've fallen into an entire different world altogether.
REN: I'd like to go back to my world, thanks.
MELIA: Me too... Let's take a look around.
REN: Huh?!
Melia, behind you!
MELIA: H-Huh?!
There's nothing there...
REN: That's... odd. I thought I something. Maybe this place is just getting to me.
MELIA: Well, if you see anything else, just let me know.
REN: Got it.
There's something sparkling inside the Gyarados' mouth...
Grab it?
\PN climbed up the wreckage and pulled out the sparkling bit that caught their eye!
It was a...
...And surprisingly nothing bad happened! Go us!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
REN: Y-Yeah, for the most part. I landed really roughly so that damaged this body a bit.
Not to mention that I'm glitching out constantly here.
I'm still not amazing with machines, but with those documents I think I've learned quite a bit.
MELIA: That's good. Things seem to be fine for the most part, fortunately.
Besides a few dents here and there. Probably from the fall.
MELIA: Yeah. Me too. In a way, we repaired each other.
REN: You're right. We're a team and that's what we do.
MELIA: Yeah, I will. For now we should locate Venam first.
REN: Got it. Lead the way!
MELIA: This looks like it'll fit inside of that generator.
Guess there's no harm with taking it.
MELIA: \ts[1]Ugh...\| Where am I?
MELIA: Nim threw us so far down... I don't remember how long I fell.
MELIA: This place has such a weird feeling. I didn't feel it before when Venam mentioned it, but...
It's definitely there.
Oh good, and the Rotom phone is freaking out.
No... All of my electronic devices aren't working properly!
Sigh...
MELIA: Even after all our training, it seems like the worst case scenario happens every single time.
Maybe I should just lay here and die.
Knowing me, even that might prove to be impossible in some way.
MELIA: No... No matter what the trials are... Giving up isn't an option.
Everyone is counting on us. We can't let them down.
I should find Ren and Venam. After that we can figure out a plan.
Yes
No
[Map396]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
[Map397]
MARIANETTE: This place is confusing. Just what are we supposed to do?
MARIANETTE: Oh! Stepping on this tile did something!
\v[15], do you see that tile on the ground over there?
Please step on it! I think it'll make something happen!
MARIANETTE: \v[15]!
MARIANETTE: \v[15], I-I hear water, is everything okay?!
INDRIAD: Marianette, \PN. Can you hear me? This is Indriad Theolia.
For your third trial, I have prepared something quite special.
Currently, water is filling up in one of the rooms.
If you wish to save this person, you must go through the room adjacent to this one and rummage your way to the end.
There, a switch to free the other will be there.\| Good luck.
MARIANETTE: Wh-What do we do?! What--
Wh-What do I do?!
MARIANETTE: O-Okay, I just need to find a way to free you!
Th-That's all I need to do, yes!
D-Don't worry, \v[15]! I'll find a way!
MARIANETTE: I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll- I'll find a way to free you!
J-Just hang on!
MARIANETTE: Y-Yes, you're right! I just have to stay calm and be brave.
This is a trial after all. I can fix this!
Hang on \v[15]!
During this trial, you will be controlling Marianette through a process called \c[6] Character Switching.
While Character Switching, you will gain access to a different character's party and appearance.
Losing battles during these segments will not forfeit money upon a loss.
Oh, and during this particular trial, you only have 4 minutes to save \v[12]. Good luck!
MARIANETTE: We've made it to the end of this trial.
MARIANETTE: \v[15], look! There's another soul on that pedestal.
We should free them before it's too late.
\v[15], do you see that flame burning on the pedestal?
That's a soul. A soul of one of your friends who Father kidnapped.
And perhaps they are reborn as another.
MARIANETTE: Let's welcome them back home with happiness.
LUCA: I... I... Where am I?
MARIANETTE: \v[15] and I saved you from my Father's grasp.
He destroyed your body and left you in a state of a lost soul.
LUCA: Oh... Well, I'm safe now, so that's cool, but...
This... I didn't wanna get pulled in something this crazy!
Venam said we had to go stop the chaos unfolding in East Gearen, but this is too much!
MARIANETTE: Your friend just tried to do the right thing, but...
I-I can't change how you feel about the situation. All I can do is apologize.
LUCA: And for what? You didn't do this to me!
MARIANETTE: S-Sorry! I didn't mean to...
LUCA: You're a timid one. I was just saying!
Anyway, where are the others?
MARIANETTE: W-We haven't rescued everyone yet, but-
LUCA: In that case, I'll wait out in the front courtyard.
When you save everyone, I'll be waiting there for them, kay?
MARIANETTE: ...
The type of soul I have...\| Is it really a timid one?
MARIANETTE: Yeah... I am! Thanks for cheering me up, \v[15].
I may be meek and timid now, but I'm growing as a person!
I'm growing.
MARIANETTE: ...Maybe I'll never change. I'll be stuck here forever...
And that'll just be... my life.
Sorry, \v[15], I don't wanna be here anymore...
MARIANETTE: Y-Yeah! You're right! I won't be this way forever!
But I have to work for my courage! I won't give up!
C'mon, \v[15], let's go gettem!
MARIANETTE: We've made it to the end of the third trial.
We've done it, \v[15]! We got to the final lost soul.
Let's free them just the same.
MARIANETTE: But before we do that... \v[15]-- No, \PN... There's something I have to say.
I have to talk to you about something.
\PN, everything that's happened up to this point has been all my fault.
I think... I think I was the one to open the paths to our worlds.
I've been trapped here for so long that I couldn't take it anymore.
One day I wished for someone to come rescue me, and then the next day you all showed up...
But that's not all.
I've... I've been using you as my last chance of escape.
That's the only reason why I freed you back then...
My motivations were not pure, and I wanted you to rescue me above all else.
I was a scared girl who was fearful of her fate.
However, traveling with you has brought up a new sense of bravery within me!
Because of you, I want to be brave! I want to repay you for helping me out so much!
But before that, I ask that you forgive me. Please?
MARIANETTE: \v[15]!!!! Thank you!!
I... I promise I'll make this up to you someday!
C'mon, let's free the last soul!
I... I understand. I don't deserve your forgiveness.
We should save the last lost soul.
VENAM: What the hell? Where am I?
Ah, it's \PN and...\| Blonde gremlin.
MARIANETTE: I am not a blonde gremlin!
\v[15] and I saved you, you know? Please don't be rude!
VENAM: Aw, what a cute nickname, \PN. But anyway, I wasn't being rude.
Was just poking fun is all.
VENAM: Last thing I remember was being snatched up by those Servants.
Then there was a flash of white light and... Now I'm here.
Ah! \PN, where's Luca and Lenny?
MARIANETTE: We already saved them. With you, we've saved everyone.
Now we can leave this place!
VENAM: Uh, no we can't. We're back together, but East Gearen is still in chaos.
As long as the portal to this world is open, then we're screwed!
MARIANETTE: It's part of the game. Since we won, Father should allow us to leave and close the portal, but...
I wonder about that... Just how is he going to handle this loss?
???: Loss? What loss?
MARIANETTE: F-Father?
VENAM: You!
INDRIAD: So you've done it. You've saved three of the souls I've laid out.
Congratulations. There is much to respect for such a feat.
MARIANETTE: Yeah, and now that we've done that you have to follow through!
INDRIAD: Hm...?
But aren't you forgetting something?
You said that all the souls must be saved before you claimed victory.
But you've only saved three.
MARIANETTE: H-Huh?
INDRIAD: If I remember correctly, this game was for your freedom too.
And as you inserted yourself into this game, you put yourself as a lost soul too.
MARIANETTE: ...!
VENAM: Don't try and loop hole your way through this!
\PN and I will beat you to a pulp if we have to!
INDRAID: Ah-ah-ah... Save your strength for the final trial.
VENAM: The final trial?
INDRIAD: Precisely!
INDRIAD: ...?
INDRIAD: I admire your resolve, I really do, and for that reason I am willing to forgive that.
For it would be a shame if the final trial's stage was set for naught.
\PN, do you remember the dual doors on the main floor of my estate?
It is there that the final clash between us will commence.
When you wake, we shall be there waiting. Best be prepared.
MARIANETTE: Let's welcome them back home with hope.
LENNY: Ah... So I'm finally free.
MARIANETTE: \v[15] and I saved you... You were-
LENNY: Trapped as a soul, I know. I could see everything.
MARIANETTE: Oh...
LENNY: Thank you, \PN. Thank you, uh...
MARIANETTE: It's Marianette.
LENNY: Thank you, Marianette.
Venam, Luca, and I bit off more than we could chew.
Things with East Gearen were way out of our league.
MARIANETTE: Perhaps, but \v[15] and I are going to fix things.
We'll save "East Gearen" too! Just believe in us!
LENNY: "\v[15]"? Aw well look at that. \PN, you have a cool name now!
Anyway, do you guys know where the others are?
MARIANETTE: We haven't saved everyone, but...
LENNY: In that case, I'll wait for everyone out in the Courtyard.
Whenever you save someone else, send them there.
MARIANETTE: Y-You can count on us!
Father really went through great lengths just to imprison these people?
Wh-Why would anyone want to do such a thing? I don't get it.
MARIANETTE: \v[15]...
You're right... He controls people through fear.
In this case, it's us specifically. He wants us to fear his power.
B-But we won't fall for his games!
We'll save everyone and put Father in his place!
MARIANETTE: He knows. He knows exactly why he's doing this.
A-And that's just the most frustrating thing of all...
\v[15]! It's not just some "fun hobby"! Are you off your rocks??
Please do not say such things next time!
???: How long has it been...? A couple of years?\| Decades?
It's all the same to me now.\| Are any of my friends still alive?
My precious friends... Vivian... Nymiera.
Will I ever know the truth about them?
Is this what you enjoy? To see my suffering as some sort of entertainment?
Is this the price to pay for failure?\| Well?
No answer then... Just as usual. That's how things are.
So cold... So cold... Do you want to feel... The cold too?
???: What? What is this? Just who are you?!
W-Wait, have we met each other before? I... I can't remember...
Please... come this way.
Do not be afraid. I will not harm you.
???: My... My name is Anju. At least, I believe it is.
Forgive me, I'm having trouble remembering things clearly.
ANJU: Please... Allow me to ask you a few questions.
How is the world now? Has it been destroyed?
ANJU: Oh thank the heavens... The world isn't in shambles?
The world is alright. It's gone on without me.
This is good news, of course. I am happy.
And what about Sheridan Village? Do you know if they made it out okay?
ANJU: Sheridan Village is a place of heart and strength.
If there were any place to survive such a cataclysm, it would be Sheridan.
One final question.
And I beg of you to answer...truthfully.
What is the current state of Hiyoshi City?
ANJU: Forgive me... I asked you a question I already knew.
And you lied to me.
If you lied about this.. then your previous answers...
They... they are...
ANJU: ...
It's as I thought. There was no saving that city.
There was nothing that could be done. We all tried our hardest.
We tried...
But I appreciate you answering my questions truthfully.
I cannot leave this place yet.
As much as it pains me, and as much as I want to see my son... my friends... my loved ones...
I must... stay in order to protect someone.
So you must leave without me... but not without this.
Please... if you get the chance...
Please show this to my loved ones. They will know that I'm alive once you do.
This pendant has been passed down my family for many generations.
It is a symbol of our loyalty and well being.
Thank you...
ANJU: Th-That can't be... Sheridan... is gone?
That's the one place I thought would be safe for sure...
If Sheridan is gone, that means everywhere... everyone...
ANJU: N-No... No... No... NOO!
NO. NOOOO! NOOOOO!!
This can't be... THIS CAN'T BE. IT CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
ANJU: IT'S TOO COLD... IT'S TOO COLD...!
IT'S TOO COLD, IT'S TOO COLD, IT'S TOO COLD.
SERVANT: I'm afraid you made Ms. Anju upset.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Now.
MARIANETTE: That switch... Its colors are the same as Tangrowth!
Wh-What if I have to...\| O-Oh! I got it!
MARIA: No... I'm out of time...
MARIANETTE: \PN... \PN!!! Can you hear me?!
Please, talk to me \PN!\| \PN!!!
NOOOOOO!!!!!
I can't... I can't let it end here!
\ts[1]\c[6]I refuse to allow this!
*TANGROWTH FOUND*
*ACTIVATING SELF DESTRUCT MODE IN 5... \|4...\| 3...\| 2...\| 1...\|*
MARIANETTE: Good!
MARIANETTE: Free \v[15] right now!
MARIANETTE: \v[15]!!!
MARIANETTE: \PN
MARIANETTE: I-I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to get you in trouble like that!
MARIANETTE: Hehe... I tried my best! I wouldn't let you die here!
Now that's done with, we've completed all the trials!
I wonder where the last soul is though... I didn't see anything like that where I was.
MARIANETTE: S-Sorry... I was panicking. I didn't mean to take long...
But you're free now! We've completed the last trial!
MARIANETTE: O-Oh! It must be through there!
Ask and you shall receive! Hehe.
C'mon, let's free the final soul!
Locked.
"Only when two trials are completed will the next one reveal itself."
ANJU: You cannot stay here. If Indriad is to find you in here... things will not go so well.
I will remain here until I have accomplished my mission.
???: So cold... So cold... I feel a visitor... Who has come to entertain?
Too cold... Too cold...
Activate the panel?
MARIANETTE: T-That thing is active now!
I can't get caught by that thing! I have to figure this out!
The switch is unresponsive.
???: Trapped... Trapped...
Can't breathe... Can't b-breathe...
MARIANETTE: We found it... The final soul!
I'll be fine!
HURRY AND FREE ME!
It's okay, stay calm
You're growing.
Yeah, you are.
You can change that!
It's okay Marianette.
I don't know...
To instill fear.
Who knows?
It's a fun hobby!
It's fine.
It's been destroyed.
Sheridan is fine.
It's gone.
It's completely fine.
It's destroyed.
You did well.
You cut it kinda close...
Yes
No
[Map398]
[Map399]
ANJU: You cannot stay here. If Indriad is to find you in here... things will not go so well.
I will remain here until I have accomplished my mission.
???: H-How long has it been? A couple of years?
How is the world now...? Are any of my friends even alive?
My precious friends... Vivian... Nymiera...
Will I ever know the truth about them?
Is this what you enjoy? Seeing me suffer as the thought of the unknown cuts me to pieces?
Well?
I see... no answer then... That's suitable... for you at least.
Because once I'm through with you... You will never have to speak again!
Indriad!
???: Wh-What's this...?
Y-You... You aren't Indriad! Have I seen your face somewhere?
I can't remember... I just can't... it's far too cold...
Please... come this way.
Do not be afraid. I will not harm you.
???: M-My name... is... is.. Anju... I believe.
Forgive me... I'm having trouble remembering things clearly...
ANJU: I have to ask you some questions... Please answer them quickly.
How is the world now? Has it been destroyed?
ANJU: ...Oh thank Arceus...
The world is all right... The world is quite all right...
I thank Arceus for this blessing... for this good news.
And what about Sheridan Village?
ANJU: ...That's great news... I am happy.
Sheridan would be the one place that would survive... I knew it.
One final question.
And I beg of you to answer...truthfully.
What is the current state of Hiyoshi City?
ANJU: ...But... That can't be...
You... just lied to me. There's no way Hiyoshi is safe.
If you lied about this.. then your previous answers...
They... they are...
ANJU: ...........
As... I thought. There was no saving that city.
There was nothing we could do... We tried our hardest.
We tried...
But I appreciate you answering my questions truthfully.
I cannot leave this place yet.
As much as it pains me, and as much as I want to see my son... my friends... my loved ones...
I must... stay in order to protect someone.
So you must leave without me... but not without this.
Please... if you get the chance...
Please show this to my loved ones. They will know that I'm alive once you do.
This pendant has been passed down my family for many generations.
It is a symbol of our loyalty and well being.
Thank you...
ANJU: Th-That can't be... Sheridan... is gone?
That's the one place I thought would be safe for sure...
If Sheridan is gone, that means everywhere... everyone...
ANJU: N-No... No... No... NOO!
NO. NOOOO! NOOOOO!!
This can't be... THIS CAN'T BE. IT CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
ANJU: IT'S TOO COLD... IT'S TOO COLD...!
IT'S TOO COLD, IT'S TOO COLD, IT'S TOO COLD.
MAID: I'm afraid you made Ms. Anju upset.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Now.
???: So cold... So cold...
Too cold... Too cold...
???: Trapped... Trapped...
Can't breathe... Can't b-breathe...
I thank Arceus for this blessing... for these good news.
It's fine.
It's been destroyed.
Sheridan is fine.
It's gone.
It's completely fine.
It's destroyed.
[Map400]
Not really one for theatre, but my mom said she'd ground me if I didn't come.
Yawn...
NARCISSA: You know, there is something very funny about change.
It's something we all want, but fear.
Why is that I wonder? Is it because we fear what might no longer be the case?
Do we fear the consequences it may have on us personally?
Or maybe how our family and friends will be affected.
But no matter how much we fear it, we cannot run away.
In fact, we must embrace it, because that's when we will truly be free!
NARCISSA: Thank you, thank you!
NARCISSA: I believe it's time for our warrior to make their appearance!
Our little town hero! Show yourself!
NARCISSA: \PN, we're ready to begin whenever you are.
The crowd is waiting.
Climb through the mirror?
I tried to go through Narcissa's Gym again because I wanted to challenge her, but...
The mirror at the end of the theatre sent me to\c[6] another room entirely...
I wonder what that was about?
You're going to get destroyed!
Locked.
NARCISSA: Stand on the opposite side of me when you're ready.
REN: Hm... Thinking about it, I haven't seen Narcissa perform before.
She gave up the life on stage long before I was even born.
There's no chance you'll win, hah!
NARCISSA: Sorry, but I cannot allow Shadow Pokemon to enter this field.
Please deposit them and come back.
NARCISSA: This is our moment, \PN. Our hard work has led to this moment.
This is the final stand off between Goldenleaf Town and the world.
Show Goldenleaf Town what you're capable of!
You have shown yourself to be a worthy opponent, and friend.
NARCISSA: Ah... And thus the curtains fall. The end is here.
I have been defeated by you, \PN. The warrior scaled even this mountain.
Please, accept this a token of your success.
\PN got the Phantasm Badge!
NARCISSA: Please take this as well.
REN: No way... \PN actually did it.
\sh\c[7]AELITA: LET'S GO \PN!!!!
I knew you could do it!
\sh\c[7]SARIAH: HOLD ON A SEC!
So what? I'm supposed to respect these creeps now?
After everything they've done? I cannot forgive this!
NARCISSA: "After what they've done"?
If I'm not mistaken, you were the one who let Team Xen within our town.
And if it weren't for \PN's effort, Goldenleaf Town would've been destroyed.
SARIAH: A-Ah, that's...
NARCISSA: You've just used the past to justify your actions because you're a miserable girl.
At this point you're no better than any "outsider' you oh so despise.
AELITA: And she's gone!
NARCISSA: I implore everyone and anyone who wishes to branch off...
To do so.
See the outside world. Let people into your hearts.
That is the true way to live life on this Earth.
For the little time humans are given....
NARCISSA: Thank you for your help, \PN.
Because of you and Aelita... New hope has been established into this town.
You are our little town hero!
MOM: ...
NARCISSA: What a beautiful day today is!
The trees are blooming, the Pokemon are happy, and the people are satisfied.
How could one not appreciate today for what it is?
Goldenleaf Town is in a new age of prosperity. A new age of love, peace and hope for the future!
And on this lovely stroll, I s-
WOMAN: Narcissa!
NARCISSA: Ah yes, hello darling. Are you here to cherish this beautiful day with me?
WOMAN: Oh, I really would adore that... but unfortunately I cannot afford that.
You see...
NARCISSA: Yes? What holds your tongue?
Could you perhaps have a message from the birds that sung?
WOMAN: Indeed they have given me a message. A warning, that is.
NARCISSA: A warning? On this pleasant morning?
Where everything is beautiful and perfect?
WOMAN: Yes ma'am. They say to look out for Wispy Tower.
NARCISSA: Wispy Tower? What could possibly be wrong at Wispy Tower?
Surely they must have mistaken!
WOMAN: Something evil may have awakened!
NARCISSA: What on earth was that quake?
WOMAN: Who knows, but the very presence of it made me shake!
NARCISSA: ...Could it be? Off in the distance?
Smoke?
WOMAN: It seems your streak of peaceful beginnings have broke.
In the distance I see... Wispy Tower burning to the seam!
NARCISSA: Hurry we must, for we must end this scheme!
Z....z...Z....Z...
AELITA: \PN! I'm your top supporter here! I believe in you!
There's such a big line to get in... And I'm at the front!
Hey, not cutting in line!
I only came to this show because I heard they had popcorn.
They don't actually have any popcorn.
I wonder why Narcissa wanted to act in a play after all this time?
I don't think I've ever seen her do this myself!
Yawn... What else is there to do around here.
NARCISSA: Oh the horror! How could this be? Wispy Tower burning to its knees?
WOMAN: The tower, forever burning! The souls of the innocent loudly yearning!
NARCISSA: My husband, my darling husband is trapped behind the beams...
Could that cry be his everlasting screams?
What am I to do without my darling husband?
WOMAN: We must find the one behind this!
NARCISSA: But who? Who would do such a thing?
The pride of this town lies within Wispy Tower. Our life ambition!
And now here we lie into complete submission.
WOMAN: But afar! I see a figure in the cloak!
NARCISSA: Who are you? Could you be the one behind all this?
Or has my judgment finally become amiss?
WOMAN: Ah... but this is a face that is not quite clear.
NARCISSA: Yet she gives off an aura that instills fear.
???: Wispy Tower is no more.
Those who live here will no longer live with the beacon they so lovingly placed.
Instead they shall endure pain that no other person has faced.
NARCISSA: But why I implore you?
???: No reason you need, for that would bore you.
In fact, the most I will do is ignore you.
I shall depart with my task successful.
And leave a woman who is no longer forgetful.
Remember me, the one who destroyed you.
Let all of your rushing emotions continue to void through.
For this isn't the end, but merely the beginning.
For I will be the last one who is grinning.
Goodbye, Narcissa.
NARCISSA: We welcomed outsiders with a loving gesture.
Then they hide their evil intentions with a kind smile vesture!
But no longer... This shall be the last time.
For we shall purify our town of their grime.
And enact an ordinance of isolation.
One that will ward away any outsider who dares enter our town.
Forever!
This is the first time I've seen Narcissa battle!
SPECTOR: Hey, \PN. How are you doing?
Oh... I see. You came for that battle, right?
Well... are you ready?
SPECTOR: All right then. Let's have fun with it.
You're an impressive opponent. Did you know that?
SPECTOR: Wow, you're pretty strong. Stronger than most Reserve Leaders for sure.
Well, I guess that's why they call us Reserve Leaders, right?
Anyways, I don't really have anything to offer you at the moment so...
Yeah...
Oh, I guess I could give you this cool thing.
While exploring Wispy Tower, I found this drive wedged between one of the bookcases.
It has "Ghost Memory" etched on the side of it. I don't know what it's for.
I'm sure you'll make use of it somehow.
SPECTOR: Ah, that's a shame. Well, I'll be here whenever you may change your mind.
SPECTOR: Hello again, \PN.
Narcissa sure has a weird sense of decor. Personally, I love it.
I'm sure that's not something surprising, but you do have to appreciate the time and effort put into this place.
NARCISSA: Ah, \PN. Welcome. Things are just about ready to begin.
???: Is this really going to work?
REN: I mean, just think about it.
REN: One play isn't going to change the hearts that have experienced decades of pain.
AELITA: Better than forcing them. We're not trying to go for immediate change.
If we could at least get the ball rolling then I'd call that a win.
NARCISSA: Aelita's right. It will take many years to reverse things.
I'm not even sure it's possible to completely do so, but we must try something.
REN: I understand that, but...
Well, it's not like I want to stop you. I'm just skeptical, is all.
Still, it's better than doing nothing. I support this action.
NARCISSA: Glad to hear.
That being said, I must go get ready for the show.
Aelita, come with me.
REN: \PN, what do you think about all of this?
REN: You really think so? Hm... I wonder about that.
You guys have a lot of faith in this plan. I'm going to support it the best I can.
Can't say I don't have my doubts as well, but...
Well, whatever. We'll just have to see it all unfold.
REN: Same here.
Don't get me wrong, it's a cute idea, but... Not sure if "cute" is what we need.
I have my doubts, but we'll just have to see how this all unfolds.
REN: Hey, calm down there. Calling it a stupid idea is wrong.
It's not the action we would take, but maybe she's onto something.
SARIAH: Hah? You're the warrior? There's no way you'll defeat Narcissa.
Honestly? I think she's even stronger than the Champion.
You good? Why are you down here?
This is Narcissa's big return to the stage! I won't miss this for anything!
Don't you have a battle to get to? Why are you talking to me?
REN: ...Good luck, \PN.
Sigh, I don't wanna be here.
NARCISSA: How long has it been since that day?
The day that changed everything?
I almost forget myself... It was so long ago.
Will you come back to dry my tears after a long night's grief?
Will you tell me I'll be okay for hours, or will you be brief?
None can say... An ordinance of mistakes.
That's all I enacted. Nothing more, nothing less.
WOMAN: Narcissa, there's someone at the door.
NARCISSA: What is it? A visitor you say?
Bring them in. I'll deal with them accordingly.
NARCISSA: What have you come to bore me with today, outsider?
AELITA: I came to stop you from acting this way.
NARCISSA: And why should I listen to the likes of you?
Perhaps you believe your values have the weight of two?
Nothing you say shall change my way. No matter what you say.
AELITA: But why? Do you think you have the right to harm others as you see fit?
Don't you think that's extreme? Not even a little bit? Hehe...
NARCISSA: Extreme it may be, it is necessary for survival.
AELITA: There's nothing survival about it! I won't leave until you change your mind!
NARCISSA: Is that how it is then? If you want to change my mind, then fight for it.
The final battle between Goldenleaf Town and the world.
We will see who is victorious! We shall see who is in the right!
Only then will we put this problem to rest. A sample of your strength to the test.
But who will be your warrior? The one you hold so high?
The one to make sure this way of thinking shall die.
AELITA: Oh I have a warrior. A warrior that will win.
A warrior who will bash you down that it will make shivers flow through your skin!
Just wait, for they almost arrive!
The one that will surely thrive!
If you want to get in then you'll have to just wait in line like the rest of us!
So, like... Are you gonna do your job?
Narcissa's gonna battle? You? What?
Man... I'm bored. Can something cool happen?
Stop talking to me! The stage is up there!
Yes
No
This will work.
I'm unsure...
It's a stupid idea.
[Map401]
MIMIKYU: M-Me... curse you....
Why are you bothering me? I'm trying to get ready for the show!
"One path leads to many doors. Many doors lead to only one exit".
Ohohoho...
Ohohohoho....
Ohohohow dare you do this to your elders?
REN: \PN... Don't hold back!
???: \PN, wait.
REN: I'd like to talk to you before you pass through the mirror.
REN: Narcissa said that I shouldn't give up.
And she's right. I've worked too hard to give up on my dreams now.
Moving out on my own to East Gearen City...
Fighting against Team Xen...
All these trials and tribulations were laid out in front of me so that I could become a better trainer.
And even if I failed to stop Geara at the Wispy Tower...
I still believe I have the heart it takes to turn this place around.
Call it self-confidence, or arrogance... The way I feel hasn't changed.
So I came here to ask you if I could battle her first.
Please, that's all I ask.
REN: \PN...\| Thank you so much.
REN: Wh-What?!
I can't pass through the mirror...
Even after all this time... Narcissa still doesn't recognize me?!
\sh\c[7]What the hell?!
REN: I just don't get it...
This is so goddamn frustrating... What else do I have to do?!
I've poured everything into this just to be met with rejection at the very end!
All my hard work!
REN: Narcissa has recognized you, \PN. Which means you have something I don't.
I don't know what that is, but through battle... Maybe I'll find out.
Don't hold back!
REN: \PN... How could you?
I've been your friend through all of this, I poured my heart out to you.
But it turns out that you don't give a damn.
You're so...\| You're so heartless...
But I am determined to get to Narcissa first.
If you won't get out of the way, then I'll make you.
One way, or another!
I still can't beat you?! What is going on?!
REN: Hahaha... Hahahahah!
Guess that's it then. There's nothing more than I can do.
REN: My dad entrusted me with this wish before he passed away.
Little did he know he passed it onto a weak and incompetent child.
Good luck against your battle against Narcissa, \PN.
I know you were able to beat me, but she's far tougher than anyone you've ever met thus far.
I guess... I was arrogant enough to believe I even stood a chance against her.
REN: You can't go on with Pokemon weakened like that.
I'll go... Find a seat, I guess. Good luck, again.
Climb through the mirror?
I'll haunt your soul!
I think I got haunted.
Please don't haunt me!
???: Aw... you had to go this far?
Let's bring you back to where you belong?
Tee hee hee...
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
DUSCLOPS: Dusk!
Locked.
Things keep moving no matter what I do!
What am I supposed to do here? This is ridiculous! every time I move somewhere, the torches are different...
Should I pay attention to which ones are and aren't lit?
SPECTOR: Hello, \PN. Beautiful day, isn't it?
I must say that the spiritual energy in this gym is enormous.
The ghostly energy causes things to move the more you progress... it's absolutely staggering.
They never had stuff like this in Grand Dream City, but I guess that comes with the territory.
SPECTOR: Hey, we've talked a bit and I think you're a cool person.
I know you have a badge in this town already, but that doesn't mean we can't battle for fun.
If you'd like to battle sometime, I hang around this gym during the day and the afternoon.
So just come talk to me when you want.
Go ahead, Ren.
No.
Yes
No
[Map402]
NARCISSA: How long has it been since that day?
The day that changed everything?
I almost forget myself... It was so long ago.
Will you come back to dry my tears after a long night's grief?
Will you tell me I'll be okay for hours, or will you be brief?
None can say... An ordinance of mistakes.
That's all I enacted. Nothing more, nothing less.
WOMAN: Narcissa, there's someone at the door.
NARCISSA: What is it? A visitor you say?
Bring them in. I'll deal with them accordingly.
NARCISSA: What have you come to bore me with today, outsider?
AELITA: I came to stop you from acting this way.
NARCISSA: And why should I listen to the likes of you?
Perhaps you believe your values have the weight of two?
Nothing you say shall change my way. No matter what you say.
AELITA: But why? Do you think you have the right to harm others as you see fit?
Don't you think that's extreme? Not even a little bit? Hehe...
NARCISSA: Extreme it may be, it is necessary for survival.
AELITA: There's nothing survival about it! I won't leave until you change your mind!
NARCISSA: Is that how it is then? If you want to change my mind, then fight for it.
The final battle between Goldenleaf Town and the world.
We will see who is victorious! We shall see who is in the right!
Only then will we put this problem to rest. A sample of your strength to the test.
But who will be your warrior? The one you hold so high?
The one to make sure this way of thinking shall die.
AELITA: Oh I have a warrior. A warrior that will win.
A warrior who will bash you down that it will make shivers flow through your skin!
Just wait, for they almost arrive!
The one that will surely thrive!
NARCISSA: What a beautiful day today is!
The trees are blooming, the Pokemon are happy, and the people are satisfied.
How could one not appreciate today for what it is?
Goldenleaf Town is in a new age of prosperity. A new age of love, peace and hope for the future!
And on this lovely stroll, I s-
WOMAN: Narcissa!
NARCISSA: Ah yes, hello darling. Are you here to cherish this beautiful day with me?
WOMAN: Oh, I really would adore that... but unfortunately I cannot afford that.
You see...
NARCISSA: Yes? What holds your tongue?
Could you perhaps have a message from the birds that sung?
WOMAN: Indeed they have given me a message. A warning, that is.
NARCISSA: A warning? On this pleasant morning?
Where everything is beautiful and perfect?
WOMAN: Yes ma'am. They say to look out for Wispy Tower.
NARCISSA: Wispy Tower? What could possibly be wrong at Wispy Tower?
Surely they must have mistaken!
WOMAN: Something evil may have awakened!
NARCISSA: What on earth was that quake?
WOMAN: Who knows, but the very presence of it made me shake...
NARCISSA: ...Could it be? Off in the distance?
Smoke?
WOMAN: It seems your streak of peaceful beginnings have broke.
In the distance I see... Wispy Tower burning to the seam!
NARCISSA: Hurry we must, for we must end this scheme!
NARCISSA: Oh the horror! How could this be? Wispy Tower burning to its knees?
WOMAN: Who could have done such a thing? What could something so evil even bring?
NARCISSA: My husband, my darling husband is trapped behind the beams...
Could that cry be his everlasting screams?
What am I to do without my darling husband?
WOMAN: We must find the one behind this!
NARCISSA: But who? Who would do such a thing?
The pride of this town lies within Wispy Tower. Our life ambition!
And now here we lie into complete submission.
WOMAN: But afar! I see a figure in the cloak!
NARCISSA: Who are you? Could you be the one behind all this?
Or has my judgment finally become amiss?
WOMAN: Ah... but this is a face that is not quite clear.
NARCISSA: Yet she gives off an aura that instills fear.
???: Wispy Tower is no more.
Those who live here will no longer live with the beacon they so lovingly placed.
Instead they shall endure pain that no other person has faced.
NARCISSA: But why I implore you?
???: No reason you need, for that would bore you.
In fact, the most I will do is ignore you.
I shall depart with my task successful.
And leave a woman who is no longer forgetful.
Remember me, the one who destroyed you.
Let all of your rushing emotions continue to void through.
For this isn't the end, but merely the beginning.
For I will be the last one who is grinning.
Goodbye, Narcissa.
NARCISSA: We welcomed outsiders with a loving gesture.
Then they hide their evil intentions with a kind smile vesture!
But no longer... This shall be the last time.
For we shall purify our town of their grime.
And enact an ordinance of isolation.
One that will ward away any outsider who dares enter our town.
Forever!
Yes
No
[Map403]
GRUNT: We do what we must to survive. It's as simple as that.
You little... I won't allow this.
GRUNT: Just... Just leave my sight.
NARCISSA: This one seems to be different from the other displays.
MOSELY: Yeah, you are so right. This one is an entire book.
Sooo lame. I don't wanna read this stuff.
NARCISSA: ''This tower acts as a disguise for the untrained eye.
As the people above use the tower's services, the people below abuse the knowledge unknown by many.
The people of the true Wispy Tower believe in immortality through the power hidden within the Den of Souls.
Through Pokemon experimentation, this is possible.
All we need to succeed is to find the right one.
And I believe we have.
The master of the Distortion World. Where time has completely stopped.
Giratina will be our gateway into the New World."\| - Sirius.
\sh\c[7]NARCISSA: It cannot be!
My husband was... The leader of this laboratory?!
My husband told me everything... He never, ever, put me down the wrong path...
MOSELY: ...M-Maybe it's another Sirius? Like, his brother or something??
NARCISSA: ...No. There was no one else with that name in this region.
And considering Gregory's presence, it all lines up properly.
NARCISSA: ...
MOSELY: She doesn't wanna talk about it, yeah?
NARCISSA: It's not that. I was just thinking...
NARCISSA: And he hid it well.
Not once did I ever question his motivations, or his intentions.
For him to be a man that involved himself in the experimentation of Pokemon...
That can only tell me that the man I knew, and married, was a facade.
MOSELY: Hey, don't be a jerk...
Even if you're thinkin' that, you should learn some manners!
And that's ironic coming from me because I don't have any manners!
MOSELY: Dang! The whole tower shook just now!
What the heck was all of that?
NARCISSA: There is a battle going on somewhere.
I wonder... If that quake is a result of Ren's battle with...
We cannot afford to waste anymore time here.
MOSELY: Hm... okay.
SHARON: Oh good... Look who it is, Eli. It's \PN.
ELI: Yes! I could see that, Sharleen.
SHARON: Ignoring that blatantly wrong name...
I can't believe we got dragged here all the way from HQ just to be used for stalling.
MOSELY: I mean, if y'all weren't part of Team Xen...
You wouldn't have to worry about this at all!
SHARON: Yeah, if only.
Sigh, anyway, we should get this over with, right?
So... yeah. Let's start.
BOTH: EH.
ELI: Darn!
SHARON: Oh darn... Looks like we lost, Eli...
Guess we got no other choice but to bail, right?
Clearly there's nothing else we can do... The horror.
But first we should open the door, right Eli?
ELI: Yes Sarah.
\sh\c[7]SHARON: ...It's SHARON!
How hard can it be to remember such a simple name?! SHAAAAAROOOOON!
Kay, I'm over it now. I think. Let's just get out of here.
Let's just open up this stupid door and beat it.
NARCISSA: ...What an interesting pair. They suit each other perfectly.
MOSELY: Heh, those guys didn't even try. They should just quit their job!
NARCISSA: Makes me wonder why Team Xen was the answer for them in the first place.
MOSELY: Who cares? Anyone who joins Team Xen don't have rights!
True, that's true.
NARCISSA: Oh Mosely...
MOSELY: Eh?
NARCISSA:\c[6] I sense a strong power ahead...
We should prepare for what's in the next room.
MOSELY: Mm! Got it!
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
GRUNT: Don't you understand that we just want to live our lives?
You don't know what you're doing!
If Team Xen is defeated, it will end bitterly for all of us!
GRUNT: I'm not here to fight. I was locked in here while investigating!
I've tried everything to open the door, but nothing worked!
NARCISSA: Ren!
REN: It's no use...
I wasn't able to stop Geara. Not even after all my training...
MOSELY: So... You got whooped? It happens!
REN: ...
You guys don't understand...
Geara... He--
GEARA: Are you done being depressed yet, Ren?
GEARA: So, you all made it here after all.
What happened to that other girl?
NARCISSA: She's resting on my couch. Thanks to you.
GEARA: Could be worse.
NARCISSA: Gregory, just what are you planning?
You knew about this laboratory all that time ago, didn't you?
That's why you knew to come down here!
GEARA: ...
My name is Geara. Not Gregory. Best to remember that next time.
But yes, you're right, and judging by how you're here...
You've seen the data then, yes? About your beloved husband?
GEARA: While going through this place, I deliberately set you on a path to show you that grim truth, Narcissa.
And now you've seen it.
The court would like to know your feelings on the matter...
My husband...\| Loved...
GEARA: He didn't love anyone. That's the point!
He MANIPULATED you because you were pathetic.
Why would he happen to show up and marry the town's leader?
It's so that he could build this lab in the spot he wanted without interruption.
I always hated how easily you let him walk all over you.
All because you were "missing" something in life.
MOSELY: And even after knowing she was lost in life...
You're dragging her through the mud like this? What is your problem?!
GEARA: Who let this gremlin down here?
MOSELY: I am not a gremlin!!
GEARA: Well, whatever. Accept it, or not. It doesn't matter to me.
The reality of it all is there for all to see in the existence of this lab, and in his most valuable unfinished experiment!
Giratina!
\sh\c[7]GIRATINA: Gurahh!
MOSELY: Oh man... That's one big chicken...
GEARA: This big "chicken" will be your own demise.
Poor Ren over there didn't stand a chance against it.
And now look at him. Embarrassed and broken from failing.
After all that talk, too. You just really hate to see it.
NARCISSA: Gregory, stop this!
\sh\c[7]GEARA: IT'S GEARA!
Once I'm done getting my revenge for \PN's meddling in the Carotos Lab...
I'll take Giratina and turn Goldenleaf Town into one giant crater.
This region is better off without this disgusting smudge on the map.
Get them!
GEARA: To think you could push Giratina back like this...
You've been a trainer for, what, a month? \| Two?
You're already doing much better than that pathetic trainer Ren is.
But Giratina is a Legendary for a reason.\| A simply scuffle like that won't take her down for long.
No more playing. Giratina, let's end this finally.
NARCISSA: \PN, Mosely, Ren...\| I've failed all of you.
I, too, have walked down the path of a fool.
But when the curtains fall, a new show awaits to be seen.
GEARA: Attack!
MOSELY: Whoa! Narcy you just deflected that attack!
GEARA: Grrrgh...
NARCISSA: As long as my light shines, I refuse to lay down and die.
Turn Goldenleaf Town into a crater? How dare you?
You have a legendary beast before you, but you lack care.
Class.
Integrity.
\sh\c[7]PASSION!
\sh\c[7]NARCISSA: ELEGANCE!
GEARA: Don't just float around you dumb ox! Attack back!
REN: Narcissa is fighting against Giratina and is... winning?!
I've never seen her act like this before... I don't understand...
REN: Narcissa!
NARCISSA: ...I know Sirius has done terrible things.
Unforgiveable things...
It's my job to clean up the mess he made. For Goldenleaf's well being...
After everything we've gone through... I've made people suffer as well.
Ren, don't give into despair. Stand up and fight with us.
I wasn't able to do anything... I've been useless from the start.
NARCISSA: Then redeem yourself here! You cannot just give up!
If you intend on being the one to lead Goldenleaf Town, then prove it!
Right...
REN: \PN, I believe that you have what it takes to defeat Geara.
So please take on the burden of that. In return...
Ren healed \PN's party to full!
NARCISSA: Mosely, Ren, and I will take care of Giratina.
So don't worry about us. We won't fail you.
MOSELY: Heck yeah we will! Aww I'm about to have chicken for dinner!
GEARA: You're joking, right?
I don't know if you're just that brave, or utterly idiotic.
Fine, if you want to be a pest, I'll squash you like one!
Madelis lost to you because she thought you to be of no threat to us.
I won't make that mistake. I'll crush everything you can conjure!
\sh\c[7]Fall!
Impossible! How could I lose?!
GEARA: Impossible!
Even with the Legendary Pokemon... I wasn't able to defeat you all?!
Giratina, return!
NARCISSA: You have nothing left, Geara. If that's what you wish to be called.
Even through that entire struggle for power, you failed miserably.
REN: Who's the pathetic one now?
MOSELY: We shall devour him.
GEARA: Shut your mouth, Ren. You only won because you had \PN.
Alone you were nothing, and that's what you'll always be.
Leader of Goldenleaf Town? I'd die of laughter first.
NARCISSA: Enough. You want to act like a child? Very well then.
It's time out for you.
DUSCLOPS: Dussk!
GEARA: What?!
NARCISSA: While not quite a Dusknoir, Dusclops still have the capability to drag you away to a dimension unknown.
I believe you need time to think about what you've done.
\sh\c[7]GEARA: Narcissa!
MOSELY: Oh...
Well dang, Narcissa! I didn't expect you to do all that.
NARCISSA: That boy was able to capture and command a Legendary Pokemon.
If I were to let him go, he would just cause havoc elsewhere.
No, this is what needed to happen.
REN: Narcissa... How could you fight after all that?
All the horrible things you've discovered about your husband...
Despite all that you were able to power through and fight with all your heart.
NARCISSA: Well, it wasn't strength. Truthfully, I don't know what it was.
Something deep within the core of my being told me to stand up and fight.
My Pokemon felt this as well...
REN: ...I see.
NARCISSA: That being said... I don't like being here.
I wish to return home for now, please.
MOSELY: I should head home myself. Maman's supposed to cook tonight...
NARCISSA: That won't be necessary. Please, join me for dinner tonight.
This interface is awaiting a password input.
Input password.
Input accepted.
Incorrect input.
The pad is unresponsive.
???: Nughh!
You caught Type: Null! You should tell Matthew about your success!
NARCY: There's this door, and another door in the main hall that I wasn't able to open.
It looks strange, doesn't it? The red color is trying to tell us to "go away"!
But that doesn't scare me. Not one bit!
See this keypad here?
It's looking for an input. I found something that may fit the bill in a study.
While looking through a book, a paragraph had random letters in red ink.
When put together, it spelled...
\ts[1]"DEN OF SOULS"
Let's plug it in.
NARCY: Right, DEN OF SOULS it is.
NARCY: Ahah! Yes, but that was to be expected, correct?
Let us explore.
Floor?
NARCY: This room... It's completely untouched! How is that possible?
Not a speck of dust anywhere...
Almost like this room is still...\c[6] being maintained by someone.
Hm, this computer has a disk inside of it. It's marked with strange symbols.
Let's take a look at this one. It's named, "Interview".
Looks like a Pokeball that's corrupted...
Maybe Matthew might know something about this?
Looks like an old and battered journal.
Read it?
Journal Entry #3.
"I walked into our lab today and Sirius said he had something to show me...
My interest was piqued. I decided I had wanted to follow him.
What I saw was absolutely unbelievable. I saw the legendary Pokemon, Giratina.
Sirius said that our influence wasn't enough. We could not change everyone with our Radio Tower.
He said that we could only create a new world by destroying this one.
He sounded like an absolute madman, but he talked as if he was completely sane.
It was a hypnotic experience, if I'm honest. That's why I opted to continue helping him regardless of what the result would be.
Together we're going to destroy and recreate the world in our image."
"Shadow red among the old. A light so bright, will make it gold.
Align the pieces to undo its fold. A reward very great, you will be sold."
MOSELY: This one is just like the one in the other room!
NARCISSA: "Dusknoir, the Gripper Pokemon. Said to bring Pokemon to the world of spirits.
Perhaps humanity would avoid death by creeping into his own home.
To conquer the Den of Souls is to conquer humanity's greatest weakness yet."
MOSELY: Sooooooo... The person who wrote this is trying to live forever?
NARCISSA: Using the Pokemon Dusknoir, he's trying to gain access to the "Den of Souls."
To, yes, gain immortality.
MOSELY: Living forever's kinda cool. You could eat as many Sitrus Berries as you wanted.
Or maybe fried Krabby... Yum, yum... In my tum tum...
NARCISSA: Going to have to pass on that one. I prefer a plant based diet.
...That being said, this monitor has a password just like the one before it.
MOSELY: Oh yeah. "PASSWORD: SOUL."
NARCISSA: Let's move forward everyone.
NARCY: I have a CD rom here. Would you like to view it with me?
NARCY: Very well. Let us view it.
GREGORY: I don't understand why you have to marry her?
If you just wanted to build your base here, you should've just wiped the entire town.
SIRIUS?: Sleight of hand, my child. Sleight of hand.
Do you honestly believe wiping an entire town off the map would be easier?
No, that would make things infinitely more difficult.
In fact, it would make things impossible.
Marrying Narcissa was the correct decision. It's less troublesome.
GREGORY: Perhaps for you... But I can't stand living there with her.
She's inferior. We've done well on our own so far, haven't we?
SIRIUS?: When I found you as a baby all those years ago, I didn't think you'd be this chatty.
GREGORY: I only speak when I need to.
And right now I get the feeling I need to. But I know you. You're already settled in.
You've always been like that. Stubborn.
SIRIUS?: Like father, like son.
GREGORY: I just hate it when you keep secrets from me.
I am your son, it's true, but we're also business partners, yeah?
I'm just as important as you in this equation.
VITUS: Heheh...
GREGORY: Laugh all you want, old man.\| Whatever.
Anyway, what are the results of the experiment?
Is this place really as we've hoped?
VITUS: It's exceeded my expectations.
GREGORY: E-Exceeded? You're not being a wise guy, right?
VITUS: The amount of spectral energy here is astounding.
And the ruins recently dug up north of here have confirmed it.
Where we stand used to be the Kingdom of Ghovora.
GREGORY: The Kingdom of Ghovora... The Queen residing here was...
VITUS: None other than \c[6]Griselda.
A cunning and tactical leader. It's too bad she let her guard down.
No one is to be trusted. Not even family. Do you understand me, Gregory?
GREGORY: Does that include you?
VITUS: ...We'll see.
GREGORY: Hmph. Fine, we're in this glorious kingdom. Now what?
We find Griselda. Once we do, we'll proceed onto step two.
Things are finally getting interesting...
NARCY: This man... Sirius. He's a horrible person!
He tricked me into thinking he loved me... Just so that he could build this place!
He had nothing but evil intentions from the start!
I... I have to tell older me about this. She... We need to know the truth.
Let's keep looking forward!
There seems to be a panel in the middle of this crest.
It seems like the pieces of the panel are scrambled...
REN: I think I finally reached the end...
REN: Huh? Who's there?!
GEARA: ...?
REN: Lemme guess. You're some Team Xen Executive like Zetta?
GEARA: ...Huh? You know who Zetta is?
You must be one of \PN's little friends then. You fought Zetta in Amethyst Cave, right?
REN: That's right. I fought alongside my two friends to save another.
But we failed back then.
I won't let that happen this time.
GEARA: Hah, you mean Melia? \nYeah, that was unfortunate!
But her death won't stop us from achieving our end goal.
She died in vain. A pointless death.
REN: You....You're truly awful. Her death hasn't stopped you.
But I will!
GEARA: You sure about that?\| Okay tough guy...
Luckily for me, I've already got what I came here for.
But I do need a test dummy to see just what it can do.
Let's play a little game.
REN: Wh-What was that?!
GEARA: This is going to be fun.
\sh\c[7]???: Guraaah!!
NARCY: These books are filled with things I cannot understand.
Things dealing with the biology of Ghost Pokemon.
Including some articles about Legendary Pokemon of the Sinnoh Region.
There are also journals scattered across the place. Have you read them?
They're interesting writing pieces. It paints Sirius to be... impulsive.
I've already considered the fact that Sirius may have been hiding things from older me, but...
Reading those journals... It's confirmed my suspicion.
There's no way I'd allow any of this to continue.
NARCY: Alas, I'm done with this shelf.
The other ones weren't as interesting either.
However, there WAS a door that looked particular. Good thing I have my Frillish to help me cross water...
MOSELY: What's this monitor gotta say?
NARCISSA: "Hoopa, the Mischief Pokemon is a being that can warp space with the 6 rings it carries.
With Hoopa, we would be able to reach new dimensions and greater heights."
MOSELY: I don't really get it...
NARCISSA: ...The people down here wanted to use Hoopa's power to jump through dimensions.
For what reason? I do not know.
MOSELY: Uhhh, you missed something, Narcy...
NARCISSA: (...Narcy?)
What did I miss?
MOSELY: It says "PASSWORD: UNBOUND."
NARCISSA: We should keep that in mind going forward then.
MATTHEW: It looks like you were able to evolve Type: Null into Silvally!
I appreciate the fact that you were able to tame such a wild beast and have it love you.
Now that it's Silvally, it can use items known as Memory Drives to adapt to its opponent.
There are many different types of Memory Drives, one for each type actually.
While looking around for more things on Type: Null's production, I've actually found a Memory Drive myself.
Here, take them. They are of no use to me.
I have no idea where you'll find the rest of the memories, but this should be good for now.
I think I'm going to head back home for now. There's nothing else for me to find here.
MATTHEW: Come see me when you've gotten your Type: Null to completely love you.
You'll know when that happens.
The metal door is locked.
Use the Lab Key?
You left it alone.
MOSELY: Ay they got an entire lab down under the Wispy Tower!
Um... I was expecting, like, a closet or something...
We have to deal with an entire base? I ain't ready for this one, dude!
MOSELY: UH OH!
NARCISSA: ...What is this place?
MOSELY: Aren't you, like, the owner of this tower or something?
I thought you of all people would know where we are!
NARCISSA: My husband Sirius was the owner. I had no knowledge of this place.
MOSELY: Oh... Weird.
NARCISSA: Hm...?
Wait, I know you...
MOSELY: Wh-What? Haha, no you don't!
NARCISSA: You're that troublemaker that frequently steals from the PokeMart in town.
But not only that, but you harass the local townsfolk for no apparent reason.
MOSELY: Hehe, well, if they didn't make it so easy to get agitated...
But you don't have to worry about me anymore, Ma'am!
\PN saved me from a mean ol' witch, and I've turned over a new leaf!
NARCISSA: ...Is that so?
NARCISSA: Very well then. I'll look past your transgressions for now.
For now we should investigate this area and learn its purpose.
MOSELY: Squad up! Let's beat down Team Xen!
NARCISSA: Speaking of Team Xen. \PN, have you seen Ren?
He said he went off to the Wispy Tower to defeat Team Xen, but I have not seen him since.
NARCISSA: I see. We should keep an eye out for him as well.
He may need our assistance.
Group talk is now available!
Do you notice the icons on the top left? This means that you have party members with you!
Whenever these icons appear, this means you can engage in Group Talk!
To activate Group Talk, press the "A" key on your keyboard.
During Group Talk, your companions will have unique things to say depending on the room you're in.
Try it out!
Journal Entry #1.
"Greetings... I work at the Wispy Radio Tower.
Together we created an experience that was unmatched by anyone.
Soon what was supposed to be an innocent job... Turned into something much more intense.
We all thought that we had influence to change the world.
What could one do to change the mind of others? This is what we were interested in.
How powerful is our influence?
The head of the Radio Tower, Sirius, believes that one with a voice can change the mind of anyone who listened.
But there's a game to it. Certain key words that must be carefully crafted together.
I was intrigued... So I joined his efforts in creating a new world with our influence.
How deep this will go? Only time will tell."
GRUNT: Hey, why are you bothering us? We're not causing trouble! Honest!
We're here because we have to! Don't get mad!
GRUNT: You think we wanna be here? Don't rough us up!
Journal Entry #2.
"I'm sick and tired of Sirius going around and testing things we didn't agree on.
You said you wanted a perfect world, but you haven't exactly stated what's "perfect" to you?
Anyway, I let him do what he wanted because he seemed to know what he was doing.
At least tell me what the hell you're doing, Sirius. Are you sure no one knows about this?"
We don't appreciate what you've been doing!
I don't appreciate your power, either!
Screw off!
GRUNT: What do I spy with my little eye? A little brat that needs to be humbled!
A-Ah! My vision! It's getting blurry! You can't hit me now!
GRUNT: That was embarrassing. Let's pretend we never met.
Which command?
MOSELY: Hey, this pad is all smashed up and stuff.
What's up with that?
NARCISSA: This interface seems quite old, but it's impossible to distinguish when it was smashed up like this.
I assume this interface was used to protect anyone from just waltzing into the facility.
MOSELY: So the elevator here is locked behind a password?
NARCISSA: Again, that's only an assumption based on what we have here.
But it's very likely, at least...
MOSELY: It's kinda like a secret base! You don't idiots to walk in your home!
Home security is essential out in the wilderness!
NARCISSA: You are very right, Mosely. Good on you for being so aware.
MOSELY: It's part of my job, Miss. Except instead of a pass code, I just get Pangy to eat intruders.
NARCISSA: Oh...
MOSELY: Man... The people who owned this lab didn't clean up very well!
NARCISSA: I find it hard to believe the people here left their quarters like this.
Le temps est  blmer! Time is to blame.
MOSELY: Did you just cast a spell on me??
NARCISSA: ...No? I was just speaking Kalosian.
MOSELY: Oh, phew! I thought I was gonna live 300 years as a Zigzagoon.
NARCISSA: You have a wild imagination, Mosely.
MOSELY: Imagination? I was already cursed by a witch to be a little girl from another world!
It's true!
NARCISSA: I'm sure.
NARCISSA: Mosely, you've been slowing down every time we reach a corner.
MOSELY: It's because I saw a movie where this woman was blasted into nothing when she turned a corner!
There ain't no way that's happenin' to me. I'm cautious by every corner.
NARCISSA: ...That is very much not the answer I was expecting.
\PN, what do you think about this?
NARCISSA: Well, certainly not.
MOSELY: See? \PN knows! They ain't catchin' us!
MOSELY: Okay, but when the enemy team gets a sick headshot when you turn the corner it's not my fault!
NARCISSA: Then lead the way for us, Mosely.
MOSELY: Oh now you're wanting my protection?
Hmph.
NARCISSA: I suppose she is. Her methods are impossible to refute.
MOSELY: Glad we're all on the same page.
Now let's keep going and not get headshot!
NARCISSA: Hohoho... Okay, Mosely.
MOSELY: Uh... Is this gonna be okay? Like, are we gonna drown?
NARCISSA: The water pouring down here seems to have been here for years.
There's probably some kind of drain here that we cannot see.
MOSELY: You think it would be okay to jump in here and go for a swim?
NARCISSA: ...Not particularly. Perhaps you and \PN would jump in and be electrocuted by unseen wires.
I have to say that I am fond of both of you, but I would rather not have to bury either of you.
MOSELY: Yeah, that would be unfortunate!
Still, I've always wanted to know what it feels like to be fried fish...
NARCISSA: No, no you don't.
NARCISSA: Mosely, just what are you doing?
MOSELY: I was trying to see if this computer had any games on it.
NARCISSA: ...Games? Is that really what we need right now?
MOSELY: You're stressed, \PN might be stressed, and I'm definitely stressed!
Maybe just a small game of pinball might help us not be so stressed, ya know?
NARCISSA: I like the attitude, but I feel like it may be a bit... What's the word...?
MOSELY: Words are stupid anyway, Narcy!
Let's just play some pinball and hope that this place doesn't explode or somethin'.
NARCISSA: Mosely, I hope your optimism never dies.
MOSELY: I'm just bein me. No biggie. Anyway this computer did NOT have any computer games.
In fact, I don't think I was able to even turn it on! It's cooked!
NARCISSA: What a surprise...
NARCISSA: Do you think one day she'll notice us?
MOSELY: Yeah, there's no way she'll notice us.
She's just been turning back and forth for what feels like hours...
NARCISSA: It's only been thirty seconds.
MOSELY: I did say <i>feel</i>, didn't I? It feels like it's been hours.
NARCISSA: Guess you did, I apologize.
Still, it's quite sad. She can't even hear us.
MOSELY: ...Wait, I think she can? She's trembling...
NARCISSA: Is she... crying?
NARCISSA: ...Honestly? I don't believe belief is enough here.
MOSELY: Yeah, there's no way.
\sh\c[7]HEY!! We're RIGHT HERE!
You must've heard us or something, right? We're right behind you!
NARCISSA: Wait... Is she...? Crying??
GRUNT: *Sniff*...
I was told to keep the left and right of me clear at all times...
Anything north and south of me aren't in my orders...
I am so sorry, but I can't do anything about you guys.
*Sobbing*
Narcy, I think this one is missing a few Klinklangs...
NARCISSA: Uh-huh...
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
Gregory?
Sirius hid this.
You seriously didnt know?
Yes
No
Forsaken Laboratory
None
Wispy Laboratory
Group Talk
End
Change Partner
They won't catch me.
A little ridiculous...
She's still alive, right?
Not a chance.
Maybe if we believe.
[Map404]
MATTHEW: Wait up a sec, \PN!
MATTHEW: It looks like you were able to open up this hallway then?
I knew you'd have what it'd take ever since I saw you with my daughter's badge.
Speaking of Veronica... How is she doing?
I haven't been able to see her much ever since I was banned from entering Gearen.
It's been a little tough, but I think it was for the best.
Well, we can always catch up on Veronica later. Let's see what's in store for us!
Activate this panel?
NARCISSA: ...What is the meaning of this...?
MOSELY: Did you hear that? It sounded like doors openin' or somethin'.
Do you think the doors upstairs finally opened up for us?
I'm going to go upstairs and check!
Looks like an old and battered journal.
Read it?
Journal Entry #3.
"I walked into our lab today and Sirius said he had something to show me...
My interest was piqued. I decided I had wanted to follow him.
What I saw was absolutely unbelievable. I saw the legendary Pokemon, Giratina.
Sirius said that our influence wasn't enough. We could not change everyone with our Radio Tower.
He said that we could only create a new world by destroying this one.
He sounded like an absolute madman, but he talked as if he was completely sane.
It was a hypnotic experience, if I'm honest. That's why I opted to continue helping him regardless of what the result would be.
Together we're going to destroy and recreate the world in our image."
What do I spy with my little eye? A brat that needs to be put in their place!
Ugh... I think my vision is a little blurry...
Let's just forget we ever interacted, okay?
NARCY: I have a CD rom here. Would you like to view it with me?
NARCY: Very well. Let us view it.
GREGORY: I don't understand why you have to marry her?
If you just wanted to build your base here, you should've just wiped the entire town.
SIRIUS?: Sleight of hand, my child. Sleight of hand.
Do you honestly believe wiping an entire town off the map would be easier?
No, that would make things infinitely more difficult.
In fact, it would make things impossible.
Marrying Narcissa was the correct decision. It's less troublesome.
GREGORY: Perhaps for you... But I can't stand living there with her.
She's inferior. We've done well on our own so far, haven't we?
SIRIUS?: When I found you as a baby all those years ago, I didn't think you'd be this chatty.
GREGORY: I only speak when I need to.
And right now I get the feeling I need to. But I know you. You're already settled in.
You've always been like that. Stubborn.
SIRIUS?: Like father, like son.
GREGORY: I just hate it when you keep secrets from me.
I am your son, it's true, but we're also business partners, yeah?
I'm just as important as you in this equation.
VITUS: Heheh...
GREGORY: Laugh all you want, old man.\| Whatever.
Anyway, what are the results of the experiment?
Is this place really as we've hoped?
VITUS: It's exceeded my expectations.
GREGORY: E-Exceeded? You're not being a wise guy, right?
VITUS: The amount of spectral energy here is astounding.
And the ruins recently dug up north of here have confirmed it.
Where we stand used to be the Kingdom of Ghovora.
GREGORY: The Kingdom of Ghovora... The Queen residing here was...
VITUS: None other than \c[6]Griselda.
A cunning and tactical leader. It's too bad she let her guard down.
No one is to be trusted. Not even family. Do you understand me, Gregory?
GREGORY: Does that include you?
VITUS: ...We'll see.
GREGORY: Hmph. Fine, we're in this glorious kingdom. Now what?
We find Griselda. Once we do, we'll proceed onto step two.
Things are finally getting interesting...
NARCY: This man... Sirius. He's a horrible person!
He tricked me into thinking he loved me... Just so that he could build this place!
He had nothing but evil intentions from the start!
I... I have to tell older me about this. She... We need to know the truth.
Let's keep looking forward!
To be continued...
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
What do you think you're doing? You think you're doing something right?
We're doing what we're doing because it's what we have to do!
...
NARCISSA: What is the meaning of this...?
There seems to be a panel in the middle of this crest.
It seems like the pieces of the panel are scrambled...
NARCY: These books are filled with things I cannot understand.
Things dealing with the biology of Ghost Pokemon.
Including some articles about Legendary Pokemon of the Sinnoh Region.
There are also journals scattered across the place. Have you read them?
They're interesting writing pieces. It paints Sirius to be... impulsive.
I've already considered the fact that Sirius may have been hiding things from older me, but...
Reading those journals... It's confirmed my suspicion.
There's no way I'd allow any of this to continue.
NARCY: Alas, I'm done with this room. There wasn't much in the eastern room, so I'm going to check out the western room.
NARCY: Don't you find this back corner strange?
I mean, even for an abandoned area, there had to have been a reason for this little corner.
Just a sec, I want to try something out here.
NARCY: Just as I thought... This wall is hollow.
Someone put a fake wall here. Presumably to hide something.
Please, excuse me \PN. I shall get rid of the wall, post haste!
NARCY: Misdreavus, please destroy this wall for us!
MISDREAVUS: Dreaavus!
NARCY: Suberb job, Misdreavus! Return now!
NARCY: What shall we see? We shall find out.
Journal Entry #2.
"I'm sick and tired of Sirius going around and testing things we didn't agree on.
You said you wanted a perfect world, but you haven't exactly stated what's "perfect" to you?
Anyway, I let him do what he wanted because he seemed to know what he was doing.
At least tell me what the hell you're doing, Sirius. Are you sure no one knows about this?"
Are we seriously being dragged here for Geara's selfish reasons?
I just want to live my own life...
How did my life get to this point?
Journal Entry #1.
"Greetings... I work at the Wispy Radio Tower.
Together we created an experience that was unmatched by anyone.
Soon what was supposed to be an innocent job... Turned into something much more intense.
We all thought that we had influence to change the world.
What could one do to change the mind of others? This is what we were interested in.
How powerful is our influence?
The head of the Radio Tower, Sirius, believes that one with a voice can change the mind of anyone who listened.
But there's a game to it. Certain key words that must be carefully crafted together.
I was intrigued... So I joined his efforts in creating a new world with our influence.
How deep this will go? Only time will tell."
I don't know what I'm even doing as a Xen Grunt. I just want to go home.
I'm sure many others can say the same.
Just... go, all right?
Do what you must. We won't give up no matter what!
I stand by what I said...
Urgh... Just leave me alone.
NARCY: This room... It's completely untouched! How is that possible?
Not a speck of dust anywhere...
Almost like this room is still...\c[6] being maintained by someone.
This container seems to be filled with cd roms.
And they're all marked with strange symbols. Perhaps we should investigate further?
Let's take a look at this one. It's named, "Interview".
Yes
No
[Map405]
I brought special seeds from the Alola Region and planted them around Aevium.
Special Pokemon that have gathered at these spots gain power from the nectar hidden within these flowers.
[Map406]
Oricorio change their forms depending on what type of Nectar they consume.
And I change my mood depending on what crap job my boss gives me.
In a way, I guess Oricorio and I are one and the same.
RORIM B: Now, one for the Sky. Reach for the sky, darlings!
RORIM B: Oh, darling. How embarrassing! You've caught me in such an intimate moment!
RORIM B: Well? What does it look like, darling?
I was just blessing the Sky Relic for its departure.
RORIM B: Darling, thank you!
My moves are done with passion and purpose!
That's what you're here for, correct? The Sky Relic?
In that case, there's one final thing we must do to successfully bless it.
Usually, we'd have a battle between the trainer and their chaperone, but...
I suppose I will have to do, yes?
RORIM B: Let's get started, Darling! I am the magnificent Rorim B!
I won't be an easy opponent!
Aiyah! And that's that!
RORIM B: Beautiful! A battle with purpose, and passion!
Surely the God of Valor Mountain must be smiling down on us now!
RORIM B: You know, I was thinking about that girl we met before.
Remember? Novae?
If Team Xen decided to choose another island to harass, maybe she should've taken the Terajuma challenge.
Perhaps then she would've found what she was looking for...
Oh well, she will find her way one day.
Anyway, let's award you with the Sky Relic.
MELIA: Oh, Rorim. It's... Uh, great to see you again!
RORIM B: Ah, more of Crawli's friends! I hope you weren't here for the Sky Relic.
\PN, the darling, came upon this altar and swooped it away!
MELIA: I have a feeling that won't be too much of an issue, heh.
MELIA: We managed to fix her issue. But she got pulled away for something else right away.
Whatever it is they want her for, she's gonna have to deal with it.
MELIA: Hah, yeah, you could say so. A nimble escape.
Alex and Sam had more work for her to do, and there was no way I was staying around for all that.
Thy reap what thy sow. Anyway...
Decided to come find you myself, and Aelita asked if she could tag along.
AELITA: Heyo heya!
MELIA: Say, Rorim. I heard Crawli left Terajuma today.
RORIM B: He notified me of something going down by his secret hideout.
But I didn't ask for the details. You know, parent and child boundaries.
RORIM B: Oh... That was actually Crawli paging the Kakori Rangers.
Let's see here, darlings--
"Requesting Backup at the Sheridan Wetlands! Repeat, requesting backup!"
RORIM B: Now isn't that nice.
\sh\c[7]RORIM B: Wh-What??
MELIA: Crawli needs backup??
AELITA: Sheridan Wetlands...? I haven't heard of a place like that, and I'm from Sheridan.
RORIM B: It's a little cove behind the main land of Sheridan.
Not many people know about it, so I'm not surprised you don't.
MELIA: We should go help Crawli if he needs us.
AELITA: How are we going to get there? A trip to Sheridan from here must take at least a day or two.
MELIA: Only way we could get there would be with the Xen Ship, but...
I don't think that thing has much steam in it left. We'd lose fuel halfway.
RORIM B: Travel is not an issue, darlings. How do you think I get around this region?
If you three would like to help out my darling Crawli, then I'd be glad to assist!
I'll be waiting on the shore. So don't take too long!
AELITA: I wonder what's going on...?
MELIA: I dunno, but I have a feeling it has to do with Team Xen.
AELITA: Oh good! I've been itching for a round two with them!
MELIA: Me too. Let's head for the shore \PN!
MELIA: Understood. We'll wait for you.
LUDICOLO: Ludi-colo~
You found them all!
One more left to go!
Two more left to go!
Three more left to go!
Four more left to go!
Five more left to go!
Six more left to go!
ORICORIO: Oriiii! Orriii!
ORICORIO: Oriiiiiii~!
What were you doing?
Nice moves!
Where's Venam?
Got away?
Let's go!
I'll meet you there.
[Map407]
Sorry, but only authorized personnel are allowed past this point.
REN: C'mon... Nastasia, pick up!
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: What is it, Ren?
\f[NP_1]REN: They won't let me inside. Do you know of another way?
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: Wha...?\| Of course they won't let you inside-- Obviously!
\f[NP_2]That's why I told you to "infiltrate". Implying to do it discreetly.
\f[NP_1]How do you get anything done without me, I mean come on.
\f[NP_1]REN: Okay, but are you gonna help me or not?
\f[NP_2]NASTASIA: There's not much else I can really do. You'll have to just brainstorm.
REN: Ugh...
I could probably get over the wall and on the rooftop no problem with the equipment Nastasia gave me...
But there's no way someone wouldn't see me doing that. I need another way.
Maybe someone in the city will have an idea what to do...
ANASTASIA: Mommy...
KATSU:\ts[1] Anastasia...!
ANASTASIA: Stop!
KATSU: ...!
ANASTASIA: I didn't... come back to be with you again.
Ever since I left, I've been really scared. I was out alone...
I had no idea what to do with myself.
But I did it because I didn't want to be with you, I couldn't...
When I was stuck with something, it was Maria who helped me out, not you!
But now a bad Pokemon took Maria, and she's not here to help me anymore.
So I've been training out here, getting stronger so that I can save Maria.
KATSU: Anastasia...
ANASTASIA: For the longest time, I thought you hated me...
I thought you were sheltering me because you were embarrassed of me.
But all your sheltering did was make me insecure of myself!
Not anymore, I'm stronger now! I've been through so much!
I can be on my own, and I'm not living in fear anymore!
KATSU:\ts[1] If you're not here to stay, then why did you come back?
ANASTASIA: Because... I heard you worrying about me on Route 4.
It sounded genuine. For the first time, I knew that you loved me.
But then the meteor hit and I didn't want to reveal myself.
I came back so that you would stop worrying. I'm fine, mommy!
You don't have to cry anymore, I'm fine!
KATSU: Anastasia, I'm so sorry.
I was so caught up with work that I took my stress and frustration out on you.
I never considered how you felt or how you perceived me.
My goal was to make you a better person. To lead the company one day.
But I never asked if that's what you wanted.
And I know I can't take back what I did, but I know I can be better.
Please, forgive me, Anastasia.
REN: Heh...\| Looks like you didn't need me at all, kiddo.
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren!
ANASTASIA: Thank you for everything, Mr. Ren!
KATSU: Thank you so much for looking after my daughter.
REN: Haha, it was nothing. Hopefully things go well for you, Anastasia.
ANASTASIA: Hehehe!
ANASTASIA:\ts[1] I-It's her...!
REN: What?
???: Why do they always run?
KANON: If you're hoping to get Nymiera's location out of me, you're an imbecile.
GARDEVOIR: I wondered how you were able to escape my execution back at the mansion.
But seeing as you're Nymiera's slave, it's not so surprising anymore.
KANON: You ignorant fool. I am Nymiera's humble servant, not slave.
GARDEVOIR: Call it what you will, the truth rises above all else.
Now, be a good slave and come with me.
REN: K-Kanon?!
ANASTASIA: That's the bad Pokemon that took Maria!
That must mean she's around here somewhere...
I have to go now!
KATSU: Anastasia, wait! I know you care about your friend, but this is so dangerous.
As a mother, I cannot allow you to get involved in something like this!
ANASTASIA: I'm sorry, mommy... But I have to help Maria!
KATSU: Please Ren... Please look after my daughter.
Make sure she doesn't do something stupid!
REN: You got it, ma'am! I'll do my best!
REN: ...Whoa. This... building.
REN: Did Nastasia know about this? She must've...
REN: Huh? Nastasia again?
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Ah, Ren. I've calculated the amount of time it would take for you to get to the building.
\f[NP_1]According to those calculations, you should be arriving just about now.
\f[NP_1]REN: That would be impressive if it weren't for the fact that I got held up for a bit.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Actually, I predicted you might get lost, so I added half an hour to the total.
\f[NP_1]REN: ...
\f[NP_1]Well? What do you want then?
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: By now you must've seen the actual building, yes?
\f[NP_1]REN: Yeah... This building, it's-
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: So then you understand?
\f[NP_1]REN: Yeah, I understand.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Good! Now I'll need you to infiltrate the building and gather a certain file for me.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: I'll brief you in on the details when you're inside.
\f[NP_1]REN: Easier said than done, but I'll see what I can do.
REN: Just go into the building, she says. Gather info for me, she says.
Sigh...
REN: Nastasia again? She's got impeccable timing.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Did you get the file I asked for?
\f[NP_1]REN: Yeah, I have a PDF format file and a physical copy.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Good.
\f[NP_1]Did, um, anything else in particular happen down there?
\f[NP_1]REN: ...Yeah, and I kind of need to talk to you about something.
\f[NP_1]I might be doing something really stupid, but...
\f[NP_1]There's this little girl I found. She said she needed help finding a friend.
\f[NP_1]I think she said her name was Maria?
\f[NP_3]NASTASIA:\ts[1] ...........
\f[NP_3]REN: And that's not all. I can't help but realize some of the similarities between her and-
REN: She ended the call...
...
Whatever, I should go tell Nymiera what happened to Kanon.
ANASTASIA: I'll get us both in, just act professional or something...
REN: Lead the way, princess.
GUARD: Um...\| Who left their infant child here.
ANATASIA: I-I'm not an infant! I'm here with my friend!
GUARD: Your friend? Didn't we send you away earlier?
REN: Uh... Well...
ANASTASIA: He's my friend! Be nice to him!
GUARD1: Wait a minute, isn't this the President's child?!
GUARD2: The one that's been missing for a few months?!
GUARD1: You're in big trouble, missy! You're coming with us!
ANASTASIA: L-Let go of me!
REN: She's not going anywhere with you fools!
GUARD: Assaulting an officer?! You're under arrest!
ANASTASIA: Ren, let me help!
We need to go inform the President!
The President isn't going to be happy...
GUARD: ...
ANASTASIA: I'm sorry, I thought that would go better...
REN: Eh, I'm used to things going poorly.
You're pretty strong for a child, though.
Where'd you get all that training?
ANASTASIA: There's a Gym in Kugearen, but it's been abandoned for a long time.
I hid in there and trained by myself. Oh and with Squiggles!
REN: Squiggles...?
ANASTASIA: Yeah!! He's my new friend! He only comes around when he wants to though.
He's always hiding in this gem stone, but when he comes out he's all squiggly!
REN: Oh, I see...
ANASTASIA: C'mon, my mommy is probably on the rooftop. That's her favorite spot.
REN: This girl...\| No, it can't be...?\| Can it?
Locked.
Sorry, but only authorized personnel are allowed in the building.
ANASTASIA: Yeah... She's, um, up here now...
I'm scared... But I have to do this.
REN: I'll be right behind you. Don't worry.
[Map408]
It seems like this type of Oricorio prefers to be alone and practice in peace.
Because of this, the only Pokemon you'll find in here will be Oricorio.
I suppose you can't really blame them?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
SESILIA: Oh, hello. What's a trainer doing all the way out here?
I feel like most trainers can't appreciate the beauty this field dishes out.
But you came all the way out here to appreciate the flowers too, right?
SESILIA: Oh, I see... You aren't lying to me, right?
Something about your answer seems sort of... forced.
SESILIA: Ah... Well, at least you were honest with me.
Maybe one day you'll learn to appreciate the little things.
SESILIA: Ayuna wants me to head back to the theatre?
I suppose the Festival is around the corner. Practice makes perfect.
All right, I'll be on my way then.
Yes
No
[Map409]
Attention! Only one person may be present in the Battlefield at a time!
Guests must wait in the waiting area until all further business is settled.
AELITA: What a fall that was...
If that web wasn't placed where it was, that could've ended badly for us.
But I suppose that's what the whole test was about, huh? Trust.
We trusted them and here we are... safe and sound.
Sorry for talking so much... My heart is pounding out of my chest. That was very scary!
Anyway, Crawli should be around here, right?
AELITA: I'll be waiting for you out here, okay?
I know you have what it takes to win... So I won't worry!
AELITA: \PN!
So, how did it go?
You did it! I was so sure you could.
Well, I guess it's my turn, right?
You don't have to wait for me, \PN.
I'll catch up with you guys later, all right?
Wish me luck!
AELITA: Would you look at this big door?
Crawli must be behind this. What do you think?
AELITA: Yeah, I can't think of anything else that could possibly be behind this door.
That being the case, how do we open it?
AELITA: You don't think so? What could be behind it then?
Perhaps there's a secret behind this?
Maybe an extremely powerful Pokemon or an extremely rare item.
I'm just messing around, \PN. Crawli has to be here.
ANNOUNCER: Welcome to the Kakori Gym Battlefield.
Analyzing...
Warning! Multiple people detected in the waiting area!
Only one person may be allowed in the Battlefield at one time!
AELITA: I see...
Well, there's no question on who gets to go first.
You got here first and the badge probably will help you more than it will help me.
The most I can do with one badge is clear rocks, and it's not like I won't have a chance afterwards.
So... go. I'll be rooting for you back here.
Psst... I know a strong Grass-Type move! I can teach it to you if you want! It'll cost ya, though!
Are you interested?
That'll be 3 Green Shards!
Hey! Thank! You!
Sorry pal, you don't got enough. This ain't free!
Come again!
Must be...
Probably not.
Giga Drain
No Thanks
[Map410]
YANMA: Ya?
We're researching the origins behind this door, but...
Our sources say that this door predates the ancients!
How is that possible?
Attention! Only one person may be present in the Battlefield at a time!
Guests must wait in the waiting area until all further business is settled.
AELITA: Would you look at this big door?
Crawli must be behind this. What do you think?
AELITA: Yeah, I can't think of anything else that could possibly be behind this door.
That being the case, how do we open it?
AELITA: You don't think so? What could be behind it then?
Perhaps there's a secret behind this?
Maybe an extremely powerful Pokemon or an extremely rare item.
I'm just messing around, \PN. Crawli has to be here.
ANNOUNCER: Welcome to the Kakori Gym Battlefield.
Analyzing...
Warning! Multiple people detected in the waiting area!
Only one person may be allowed in the Battlefield at one time!
AELITA: I see...
Well, there's no question on who gets to go first.
You got here first and the badge probably will help you more than it will help me.
The most I can do with one badge is clear rocks, and it's not like I won't have a chance afterwards.
So... go. I'll be rooting for you back here.
CRAWLI: Whenever you're ready just take your spot.
CRAWLI: Angie... Just you wait. I won't let you terrorize this island any further!
CRAWLI: What's going on here...? That's a Goomy, right? Not a trainer?
\PN, are you and that Goomy together? I uh...
It seems like this door is inactive...
AELITA: I'll be waiting for you out here, okay?
I know you have what it takes to win... So I won't worry!
AELITA: \PN!
So, how did it go?
You did it! I was so sure you could.
Well, I guess it's my turn, right?
You don't have to wait for me, \PN.
I'll catch up with you guys later, all right?
Wish me luck!
"Bestow your soul upon the light. Ask for forgiveness and thou shalt be forgiven."
- Angie.
You must regroup with everyone first!
Illegal Pokemon identified! Leader Crawli will not appear until illegal Pokemon are stored away!
CRAWLI: Oh, are you back for more? My Bug Pokemon are happy about that...
Give them a battle that they won't ever forget!
CRAWLI: Finally, I've been waiting for you!
I hope my Rangers didn't give you too hard of a time?
I'll never forget how you helped me out back at Goldenwood Forest.
Ever since then I knew I'd get the opportunity to battle you seriously.
You've done a great amount of fighting against Team Xen, haven't you?
I admire your strength...
But this is different!
When I was younger, I fell into this cave.
I was trapped down here for weeks... Not even my father could find me.
The Bug Pokemon that live here helped me survive until I was eventually found!
From that day on I swore my life to every single Bug Pokemon on this Earth.
People think Bug Types are frail, weak beings... But I'm here to show you how terrifying they can be!
Why am I not surprised? My Bug Pokemon were crushed after all!
CRAWLI: I expected nothing less from you, \PN!
You rightfully won this badge!
\PN got the Infested badge!
Pokmon up to level 50 will now obey you.
CRAWLI: Hey, \PN? Mind coming with me for a sec?
I wanted to show you something!
CRAWLI: Remember that door I mentioned to you and your friends before?
It's actually just up ahead. I wanted to show you where it was.
CRAWLI: Well, here we are.
This is the door. In all its might.
My crew have been down here ever since you guys requested an alternate way into Valor Mountain.
Did you know this door predates Kakori Village?
No one really knows who built it, or why it's here.
CRAWLI: See this gauge on the left here?
This tells us what mood Valor Mountain is in at the current time.
It'll be essential to know this so that we don't open it when its full of magma.
CRAWLI: There's actually been a time where this door has been open.
Just a moment ago I told you I fell down here when I was young.
When I did, I stumbled across this door wide open. Magma spewing in and all.
I thought it was over for me until my dad found me and somehow got it to close.
Trying to reopen the door is sort of bringing bad memories, haha.
But it's gotta be done, so I don't mind.
RANGER: Crawli, sir!
CRAWLI: Huh? What's wrong?
RANGER: Sorry to bother, but this piece of paper appeared on my laptop.
CRAWLI: One of Angie's?!
RANGER: That's right. I'll go ahead and read it aloud.
CRAWLI: Very cute, Angie.
Ah, but that's all I wanted to show you, \PN.
There's still a lot of investigating to do in regards to this door, but...
You may leave now-- Oh, and tell the next challenger to come in whenever they're ready.
CRAWLI: I...
GOOMINK: Goomink here to challenge Crawli of Kakori Village.
You are Crawli, yes?
CRAWLI: I, uh, yeah, I'm Crawli, but also... You're...
GOOMINK: Okie, Goomink ready to rumble!
CRAWLI: \PN, are you behind all of this? I guess... In that case this should be fine?
GOOMINK: Goomink get stronger from swimming all the way from East Gearen!
Leader Crawli better say prayers!
Haha, that was actually pretty fun. What a cute little guy! Okay, you won!
CRAWLI: You did it, little buddy! You should be proud!
As promised, here's your badge!
Goomink got the Infested badge!
GOOMINK: Goomink get two badges now! Goomink will be done in no time!
Goomink become Hero, just you wait!\| Bye Leader Crawli!
CRAWLI: That was an experience.
CRAWLI: Ouch, I guess that's it then? You look too tired to continue.
GOOMINK: GOOMINK NO LEAVE UNTIL GOOMINK GET BADGE. AGAIN! AGAIN!
Psst... I know a strong Grass-Type move! I can teach it to you if you want! It'll cost ya, though!
Are you interested?
That'll be 3 Green Shards!
Hey! Thank! You!
Sorry pal, you don't got enough. This ain't free!
Come again!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
AELITA: What a fall that was...
If that web wasn't placed where it was, that could've ended badly for us.
But I suppose that's what the whole test was about, huh? Trust.
We trusted them and here we are... safe and sound.
Sorry for talking so much... My heart is pounding out of my chest. That was very scary!
Anyway, Crawli should be around here, right?
CRAWLI: If you're going to go through the door then do it already.
CRAWLI: You should head through the door before things change.
I'll guard this place and make sure only our allies get through.
VENAM: Crawli!
CRAWLI: Venam, \PN! What can I do for you?
VENAM: The door. We need to use it!
CRAWLI: Wh-What? Right now?
We haven't found out how to open it yet...
VENAM: Seriously?!
CRAWLI: We've tried to fulfill different conditions, but...
It's a complex mechanism... It sounds unbelievable, but it's too advanced.
VENAM: Damnit...
\sh\c[7]VENAM: Why won't you open?!
CRAWLI: Hey, be careful with that! If you actually break the door it won't do anything for anyone!
VENAM: What just happened?
CRAWLI: Valor Mountain has changed again.
Which means that--
VENAM: ...It opened.
CRAWLI: B-But why now? We haven't done anything...
VENAM: Wonder what's different now?
CRAWLI: ...Valor Mountain was a place of shelter for people who needed to seek refuge.
The Gods of Valor Mountain bestowed the three relics onto their people as a sign of their contract.
If this door is a way into the mountain...
There's no way it would open if the other side was filled with danger?
\c[6]Perhaps the requisites for opening this door includes the condition of the room behind it...
\c[6]And the presence of the relics?
That would let the Gods know that their chosen people wish to seek refuge.
VENAM: Sounds like a lot of spiritual poo-poo, sir.
CRAWLI: Haha, it's just a theory. Even if it has a few holes in it.
When I fell down here as a child, magma definitely spewed out of the door.
But it could have been a malfunction or something of the like...
Anyway, with that in mind and my initial theory is correct...
Then you two need to get through this door before Valor Mountain decides to change again!
VENAM: R-Right! Gotta go! \PN! Yo-yo-a-go-go!
CRAWLI: You go on ahead, \PN.
If you're having to go through this door that means others may try to follow.
Good, and bad.
I'll make sure Team Xen stays clear of our only way in.
VENAM: Why won't you open?!
Must be...
Probably not.
Giga Drain
No Thanks
[Map411]
DRJENKEL: Hehehehehe.... Well, that didn't go as I expected it to.
We got the information we wanted, so everything's good in the name of science!
Hahahahaha, we shall meet again, \PN! This little quest of ours isn't done yet!
But for now, how about we just take a break.
"Research" help request completed.
"???" Quest is now available.
Hey, do you need any help with what to do on any of the requests?
Okay! Let's see here...
The lighthouses have been out of order for quite some time.
Your job is to investigate why this is.
You can find a lighthouse on Route 5, Aquamarine Cave, and Terajuma Shore.
But first you should speak with the Ranger at the docks if you haven't already.
Someone wants you to take a quiz here in Kristiline Town. Simple enough.
Someone is being harassed inside of Aquamarine Cave. Find them and help them out!
All right, this one is a bit tricky. You'll have to find 7 suspicious individuals around Terajuma Island.
I believe there are two in Kristiline, two in Teila Resort. One in the jungle, and two in Kakori Village.
Apparently, it says that you'll need to go for the ones in Kakori last.
I... actually don't know what to say about this one.
Just head on over to Terajuma Shore as quickly as you can.
You haven't accepted any quests!
Please come again!
Welcome to the Kristiline Help Center... Will you help a poor town in need?
You have completed the "Lighthouse Dilemma" help request!
Here is your reward!
\PN received $6,245!
Lastly, our client has left something to give specifically to you.
Thank you for helping!
You have completed the "Quiz!" help request!
\PN received $10,000!
You have completed the "Defend Me" help request!
\PN received $4,000!
You have completed the "Research!" help request!
You have completed the "???" help request!
CLERK: Wow, you've completed all the help requests!
Please take this as thanks!
CLERK: Thank you so much for helping out our poor town!
You can only take on more requests if you claim your reward.
Would you like to cancel your current help request?
Available Requests:\ch[1,7,Lighthouse,Quiz!,Defend me!,Research,???,No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
This help request has already been answered.
Accept this request?
"I will be located on the docks of Kristiline Town. I await your arrival."
"Lighthouse" Help request accepted.
"I live here in Kristiline Town. Please hurry!"
"Quiz!" Help request was accepted.
"Defend Me" Help request accepted.
"Research" Help request accepted.
"Please meet me outside the Help Center for more information!"
You must have finished the help request "Research" before you can accept this quest.
"DRJENKEL: They're on the eastern part of Terajuma Shore by this little shack.
You'll need Surf to reach it, so don't forget that!"
Yes
No
[Map412]
AMBER: Hey, what are you waiting for? Weren't you the one who pushed me for this battle?
Then get to it, \PN, the audience is waiting!
AMBER: So... now that you've got your badge, does that mean you're going to leave Terajuma?
AMBER: I see... You better come back one day.
AMBER: Oh... Well, you'll have to leave eventually if you want the other badges.
I can't say that I'll miss you that much, but... I...
Nevermind.
AMBER: Brr....rrr..... I'm so... cold.
So cold that I don't care that I lost to you...
L-L-Looks like the crowd left because of the cold too, but I guess th-th-that's o-okay...
They seemed to like the b-b-battle anyway, so that's good.
T-T-Take these!
\PN got the Lyric Badge!
Th-This too!
AMBER: Okay I-I'm gonna go now because it's really cold, b-but c-congratulations on your win!
AMBER: This ab-absolutely sucks... My party was a f-f-flop, and this battle went terribly.
I d-don't care anymore, I just want to leave already.
J-J-Just take these.
Hey! So you wanna duel it out with Amber, huh?
Well you gotta have a sense of music before you can even get to her room!
So you see this swankin' party, amirite?
We're gonna try to keep this party /THE/ best party of the year, but there's a small problemo~.
You see this meter next to me? That's the hypeometer, and as you can see, it's nonexistent.
Now, we cant have that, can we?
So I want you to put on a show for us today!
I want you to create as much hype as you can!
You can do this by battling, talking to people. buying stuff from the shops, playing different music...
All of this will generate hype!
When you think the hype is high enough, I'll measure the hype on this meter here!
The Hypeometer will gradually increase in hype the more active you are!
However, even these levels aren't good enough for us, no sirre!
\rWE WANT MAXIMUM HYPE.
So go out there, and create that hype!
Oh yeah! One last thing! The more hype we build, the more people will show up. Cool right?
Do you want me to test your hype?
Let's see here!
SHOW. US. DAT. HYPE!!!
Survey says!
YOUR HYPE IS.....
OFF THE CHARTS!
Congratulations! You got the hype up to \rMAXIMUM.
Thanks for helping us out! Amber is in the next room!
INCREDIBLY HIGH!
The hype is too real, But we can definitely get it higher!
Pretty high! I'm really feeling it!
The hype is great, but we need more!
High!
GETTING THERE.
Alright!
The hype needs to be higher than that, dude!
Eh....
Really low...
WEAK.
NONEXISTENT.
That's just sad!
Thanks so much for your help!
Amber is in the next room!
TEXEN: I heard Aelita's in a coma. Serves her right.
You beat me last time, but next time I won't be so weak.
... and my hair will be back...
CRAWLI: My dad is so embarrassing...
Contact Jan?
JAN: ...
Oh, hey \PN!
Looks like you finally made yourself to a panel, huh?
As I've mentioned before, you can use this panel here to contact me when you need help.
So please, don't hesitate to give me a call!
JAN: Looks like It's time for you to deal with Amber? A fiery lass.
What do you want to know?
JAN: Amber's ace is her Magmortar. The Magby was a gift from her father.
Unfortunately that's all that's left from him, but we're not talking about that right now.
Her Magmortar has awesome type coverage. Don't go in without a plan.
Amber's signature move is called Fever Pitch. A move that's controlled entirely by the party.
The stronger the hype, the stronger the move. So in theory you could just crash the party and nerf her, but...
I don't think she'd like that very much.
JAN: Amber uses the Volcanic Field. Perhaps you're familiar with that field now?
Fire-Type attacks and various abilities are empowered on this field.
I'm sure you knew that already... Seems pretty obvious to me!
Anyway, this field can erupt depending on the move used.
Some of these moves include: Eruption, Heat Wave, Lava Plume, Magma Drift, and Magma Storm.
When the field erupts, take note that it will clear all hazards on the field.
JAN: Oookay! So you need some help fighting Amber?
My suggestion is to change up the field! It's incredible how many fields you can get to from the Volcanic Top variant.
I heard there was a trainer out there that brought Amber to the Icy Cave Field, to the Water's Surface, and then Underwater!
Amber was not happy about that, but she was still impressed.
JAN: Good luck out there, \PN. You got this.
...
Jan isn't responding.
VENAM: I WANNA HEAR YOUR SCREAMS!
AMBER: Hey, no Shadow Pokemon! Do you want me to report you to the police?!
AMBER: Ready for an encore? I'll be nice and hold back this time!
Haha, just kidding! I'm not that nice.
Let's turn up the heat!
AMBER: How are you liking the party?
It's pretty rockin', right? I think the outcome was pretty successful!
Well, we gotta keep the audience happy! So let's get this battle going!
There aren't many people here, huh...?
Hm... I guess people still think of me as a bad person.
sigh...
It's okay... I promised you a battle so I guess I'll follow through.
What...? But the hype was too real!
AMBER: Augh!!!
I can't believe I lost to you...
Aw well, I guess the crowd liked it?
Let me hear you shout!
AMBER: You heard them, \PN! That was an awesome battle!
You deserve these wonderful prizes!
AMBER: And since I'm such a nice person, and I think of the trainer before myself.
I made sure to have this before you got here.
AMBER: The battle may be over, but the party ain't stoppin until we drop!
AMBER: Augh... Sorry for that battle, \PN...
Somehow I just wasn't feeling it... I don't think my Pokemon were really into it either.
Nevertheless, you deserve these.
AMBER: Uh... not much else to say. I guess I'm gonna go.
RORIMB: Don't stop the music!
Yes
No
Amber's Ace | Sig Move
Volcanic Top Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map413]
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
VENAM: \PN, there it is!
VENAM: ...Brace yourself, \PN...
Whatever this thing is... I've never felt such an oppressing aura.
KYOGRE: Gyoorggg!!!
Ky...
KYOGRE: Gyoorgg.....
VENAM: Has anyone ever told you that your strength is actually scary?
To think you went from that novice trainer to someone who is able to take down a Kyogre.
On one half I'm jealous, but on the other hand I'm a little proud.
It's a conflicting feeling, you know?
Anyway... I think this was a complete waste of time, don't you think?
This has nothing to do with what our current mission is.
We should hurry and leave so that we can catch up with the rest of the crew.
VENAM: Did you see that light?
I think we should go check it out, right?
VENAM: Tesla, Amber, where did you two come from?!
AMBER: It was all Madelis' fault! She brought me to this room while you guys were sleeping.
Mom came a little bit after that and tried to save me.
But this bright light came out of this circle and suddenly we're here.
VENAM: Maybe...
"Only when the Beast is defeated will the ones who awakened it be freed."
That's what the stone slab says.
Could it be possible that you all were trapped by Kyogre?
If that's the case, you guys probably woke Kyogre up from its sleep, and because of that it trapped you.
MADELIS: ...
TESLA: Well? What do you have to say for yourself then, Madelis?
MADELIS: ...Well for starters, this whole thing was a colossal failure.
VENAM: Yeah, clearly. If you just kidnapped Melia when she was asleep, that would've been it.
Why didn't you just do that?
MADELIS: Well...hah, see the funny thing about that...
MADELIS: Tesla, I'm...
Your biggest fan!
TESLA: Y-You're my what?
MADELIS: I was always a fan of your work. Even when I wasn't a Xen Admin...
I was sort of hoping you'd come here by yourself so that I could somehow impress you with my strength!
VENAM: You wanted to impress her so you kidnapped her daughter?!
What kind of sense does that make at all?!
MADELIS: I agree that my methods can sometimes be unconventional...
But putting all the data together, I had a 48% chance of success.
VENAM: Yeah? That's less than half.
MADELIS: Correct, but I've done my research and I've come to the conclusion that Geara's plan...
Only has a 47% chance of success anyway. So I actually had the best chance here!
Ah, but that means that if I failed, then surely Geara's plan must fail, too?
TESLA: ...That's not how this works.
MADELIS: Well, that being the case...
I think I'm just going to mosey on out here.
This whole thing has gotten me all down and tired. I think I'll be taking a break for a while.
As long as Madame X doesn't find out about this whole thing, I should be quite fine...
As for you... \PN.
Hmph...
Just take this, okay? Don't say another word.
TESLA: Is that a key...?
MADELIS: Yes, it is a key.
I have to thank you somehow for saving our lives. You were the one who did it, correct?
VENAM: Uh, yeah?
MADELIS: Good! This will be my only act of kindness you'll ever get from me.
So don't get used to it.
Good. Bye.
TESLA: Well, that was quite... strange.
VENAM: You must not be all there if you want to work for an organization like Team Xen.
TESLA: Well, there's no use staying here, right?
We have business to attend to elsewhere.
So let's get out of here together.
AMBER: ...Mom, wait.
TESLA: Hm...? What's wrong, dear?
AMBER: ...I have to apologize for the way I've acted... The way I've been acting.
TESLA: Oh, dear, there's no need-
AMBER: No, mom, just listen...
I've been a terrible daughter to you for a long time.
I was never grateful. I never wanted to talk to you...
I even tried to pretend that you weren't my mother because I thought you only tolerated me.
But I was wrong. You came to save me when I was in danger.
Everyone here risked their lives so that I could be safe, and I...
I do nothing but kick and scream.
So I'm... sorry.
TESLA: It's all right, dear... I'll love you no matter what. Just remember that, okay?
AMBER: Yeah... I will! I promise...
TESLA: Good. Let's take you home now, okay?
VENAM: Hmph... I kind of miss my mom.
We never had the best relationship either, but maybe I should change that the next time I see her.
Come on, \PN. We've got stuff to do.
???: Urgh...
AMBER: \PN...? You came to save us?
AMBER: That's obvious! You almost got all three of us killed!
What the hell was the point of all this anyway?
TESLA: So you kidnapped my daughter?!
TESLA: Uh... That's less than half.
TESLA: Seems like \PN was the one to save us, yeah.
AMBER: You must be strange if you think joining Team Xen is a good idea!
TESLA: I think you're totally right, Amber.
Well anyway, let's get you home, okay?
"Those foolish enough to call the God of the Sea shall step in the eye of the storm.
Only when the Beast is defeated will the ones who awakened it be freed."
Stepping in the center of this circle will call the beast.
Are you prepared?
VENAM: What was that?!
VENAM: Alright, what the hell? It's storming inside of a cave?
I was good in science class, dude. This is not right.
VENAM: There's that cry again! It's coming from... over there.
VENAM: Holy shit... You just saw what I did, right? I'm not crazy?
That thing was a beast...
KYOGRE: Gyyoooorg!
VENAM: \PN! This thing wants to fight! We can do this together!
VENAM: Hey, \PN, can I ask you a question?
Has anyone ever told you that your power is actually so scary?
I know we fought together on that one, but... I was just on the sidelines following your lead.
To think you went from that kid from Gearen to a badass who took down a freakin' Kyogre!
You're totally awesome, \PN!
VENAM: Still though, I don't really know what the point of that was...
We still don't-
VENAM: Oh hell no! Don't tell me that Kyogre is back?!
VENAM: Wait... What?!
TESLA: Urgh... What happened to us?
MADELIS: I dunno... We were just standing here, and then there was this bright light...
MADELIS: Ehehehahah... Uh...\| Well this is awkward.
AMBER: \PN! Venam! What are you guys doing here?!
VENAM: Uh?? Apparently we're saving you!
MADELIS: Turns out we tripped a trap by walking in here!
Funny how these things pan out, am I right?
TESLA: I don't find this funny at all.
AMBER: What was the point of kidnapping me?!
If you wanted Melia then you should've just grabbed her when you had the chance!
MADELIS: Well, you see... The funny thing about that...
I thought I could take two birds out with one stone!
Sure Melia would be cool, but I'd also get to meet one of my idols, Tesla Von Brandt!
TESLA: W-What?!
VENAM: So you kidnapped her daughter?! Wow, Madelis. I thought I was dumb.
MADELIS: My methods are unconventional, but whether or not she was happy to see me was irrelevant.
If I could get the chance to interact with her even once, I'd be satisfied~!
And make no mistake, I'm quite satisfied.\| And that's that.
AMBER: ...
MADELIS: Looks like the audience isn't too pleased with that answer.
Then I'll do the second best thing I'm good at. Bribery.
MADELIS: Here, take this.
TESLA: ...A key?
MADELIS: Yes. A key to a mysterious place \PN has been to in the past.
What door that key is used for? Well you see...
VENAM: ...And she's gone. Dang she can run fast.
TESLA: Sigh... Well, at least we're safe. That's all that matters.
\PN, Venam, we are in your debt. Thank you so much for saving us.
VENAM: Oh it was nothing... Can we get cake for it later, though...
AMBER: Venam!
TESLA: I would love to bake a cake for both of you once this is all over.
But first, I need to get Amber home.
AMBER: Mom... Wait.
TESLA: Huh? What's wrong?
AMBER: It's just that... I wanted to apologize for what I did before.
TESLA: Oh, Amber, honey... There's nothing to apologi-
AMBER: No, Mom, just listen.
I've been a terrible daughter to you for such a long time now.
Ever since Dad left, I've been ungrateful and distant. I never wanted to talk to you.
I always thought Dad left because of me. When that happened, it hurt me so much.
I thought that if I distanced myself-- Pretended that you weren't my mother...
If you were ever to leave, it wouldn't hurt like it did before...
TESLA: Amber...!
AMBER: I don't want you to just tolerate me! I don't want to be a burden on you!
Everyone here risked their lives so that I could be safe, but all I did was kick and scream!
I-I'm sorry!
TESLA: My dear sweet Amber. I love you so much.
Through thick and thin, we'll be together forever. I'm not going anywhere.
I'll love you no matter what. Just remember that, okay?
AMBER: Y-Yeah, I promise...
TESLA: Let's take you home.
VENAM: ...Urgh. Now I miss my mom. We never had the best relationship either...
But I should try and change that next time I see her.
VENAM: Yeah, you're right. Anything can happen at any time.
I want to let my mom know how much I care about her.
Alright, when we save Nim, I'm gonna introduce everyone we met to her!
Because we WILL save her. I swear it.
VENAM: I will... I give her such a hard time, in a different way.
I'll make sure things are different next time. I promise.
VENAM: I-I'm sorry, that was really insensitive of me.
I didn't mean it like that. I just...\| Sigh...
Whatever, let's just make our way to the top of the mountain.
AMBER: \PN!? What are you doing here!
\PN, we are in your debt. Thank you so much for saving us.
I believe it's time Amber and I went home.
VENAM: Nothing around here but this huge waterfall...
Maybe I was wrong... Amber isn't down here?
But... Madelis said she'd be on the lower floors and this looks like this is the lowest it gets.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
VENAM: ...What is this place? Are we still in Valor Mountain?
VENAM: Hey, take a look at that!
VENAM: Look, there's writing on that wall over there!
VENAM: "Those foolish enough to call the God of the Sea shall step in the eye of the storm."
VENAM: Uhh... Okay? What's that supposed to mean?
Whatevs, I'm sure the answer to this is somewhere around here.
Yes
No
Don't wait till it's too late.
Be kind to her.
...
[Map414]
RORIM: Darling... You'll do just fabulously!
ALEX: We feel pretty ashamed about being trapped by Angie, but it's good to know that she's gone.
Hopefully things can be normal for once.
ELI: Don't worry. I'll take care of Sharon from now on.
HOST: Eehh? What's that? Looking for Amber?
Sorry, kid. You won't be able to get to Amber without generating maximum hype!
You might be asking... What exactly is "Hype"?
Hype is what brings the party to life! The party needs to be at the best possible point for this door to open.
Like so!
HOST: This is what the door will look like when the party's hype is at its maximum.
Anyway, I'm sure you have a lot of questions. I have your answers! I'll let you decide what we talk about.
There's still a lot to talk about, so I'll let you decide what you want to hear.
Is there something you want to know?
HOST: You can generate hype by being active in the party!
Battle people who want to battle. Talk to people! Buy at the small shops! Request music!
You have to keep the party alive by actually doing things!
HOST: You can definitely lose hype. If you leave while the party is still growing... it'll die.
Only by a little, though. If you leave too many times, the party may just die off completely.
HOST: Once the door is open, it stays open. Even if the party dies.
That information may or may not be useful to some, I dunno.
HOST: You can always check the status of the party's hype by looking at the door.
Once the door is completely lit open, you can open the door!
AMBER: ...
Amber's too focused on her song. She can't hear you!
SHARON: I don't think I've seen an official battle like this before.
Don't make it boring, please.
I'm so happy that I was invited to this party! I can't wait for the main event!
TEXEN: So I heard Aelita's in a coma. I think that bitch deserves what she got.
Especially after what she did to my do!
You were able to beat me last time, but next time I'll be the one who will come out on top.
So you better watch your back.
I'm ready for a great battle! This party has been awesome!
CRAWLI: Everyone needs a little break after everything that's happened.
Though... I think my dad needs to bring it down a peg, don't you think?
Hey, by the way... How about we have a 2v2? Could bring the party to life!
CRAWLI: Great! I've been practicing my battling skills as of late!
Guess that's it then. Great Battle!
CRAWLI: Well, it was all in good fun. You're very strong, \PN!
Enjoy the rest of the party! After this, it's back to work!
CRAWLI: Alrighty, no pressure! I'm always here if you change your mind!
CRAWLI: T'was a fun battle, but next time I won't be so hesitant!
NURSEJOY: Oh? I'm here to relax and unwind, but...
Do your Pokemon need medical assistance? I'm always available to bring Pokemon back to tip-top shape!
NURSEJOY: I hope you have a wonderful time!
The door to Amber's room was unlocked!
The door is locked.
Some people from the crowd gather inside...
AMBER: Really? You're using Shadow Pokemon here?
Don't even think about it. Put those stupid things away!
AMBER: Ready for an encore? I'll be nice and hold back this time!
Haha, just kidding! I'm not that nice.
Let's turn up the heat!
AMBER: Damn, it took you long enough!
It's pretty rockin', right? I think the outcome was pretty successful!
And it's all thanks to you, \PN! This energy just can't be beat!
AMBER: Let's keep the audience happy. That means giving them what they want!
This battle has been pushed back far too much, and that's all on me.
I apologize, but I'm not gonna let that hold me down-- You better bring everything you got!
There aren't many people here, huh...?
Hm... I guess people still think of me as a bad person.
Sigh...
It's okay... I promised you a battle so I guess I'll follow through.
What...? But the hype was too real!
AMBER: Y-Y-Y-You f-f-f-froze m-magma, in m-my gym?!
TH-THIS SUCKS...
T-TAKE YOUR BADGE!
\PN got the Lyric Badge!
TESLA: A-Amber, l-let's get out of here.
AMBER: Y-Yeah...
AMBER: Augh!!!
I can't believe I lost to you...
Aw well, I guess the crowd liked it?
Let me hear you shout!
AMBER: You heard them, \PN! That was an awesome battle!
You deserve these wonderful prizes!
AMBER: The battle may be over, but the party ain't stoppin until we drop!
AMBER: Augh... Sorry for that battle, \PN...
Somehow I just wasn't feeling it... I don't think my Pokemon were really into it either.
Nevertheless, you deserve these.
AMBER: Uh... not much else to say. I guess I'm gonna go.
ELI: You'll do well, \PN! Do it well!
Crawli said that we were all invited to this party! I'm so excited!
Aww c'mon... This club is bangin! Don't you love it here, baby?
REINA: Ayy, \PN! This party's lookin' pretty cool so far.
Hey, I just wanted to thank you for saving my ass from that cell in Valor Mountain.
I could've gotten out eventually, I'm sure, but that's just soooo boring, you know?
Soo um, yeah! I like to scavenge ruins and look in places most people don't-- So I find cool things like these!
I know it's not much, but I'm sure you'll be able to find some use for it.
REINA: My search for Ren continues... After I party at this bomb ass club!!
I already won a few rounds at bowling. I'm just that gooood!
Say... Speaking of winning... I'm not a trainer, but I'd like to battle.
I only have two Pokemon so it'd have to be a 2v2. You good with that?
Damnit! This sucks!
REINA: MANNNNNNN.... Maybe next time~. For now I'm just gonna bowl and win at that.
GUARD: Sorry, but Club S.T.F.U. is closed for the meanwhile. Please come again another time.
HOLLY: This is the only time I'll let my Rangers slack off without punishment!
They're going to be in a world of training after this party is done!
CRAWLI: Amber is strong! Don't let your guard down, \PN!
PIANOLADY: Hello \PN! How are you doing on this fine day?
This party is wonderful, isn't it? I'm just having a drink and a chat with Tesla here.
It's a great time. I prefer more classical music, but everyone once in a while you just have to let loose!
My boyfriend first takes me to a dark city, a village, and a ton of other dumb places...
And then he finally decides to take me somewhere cool, like a party.
But could we not find anything local?? It took over a DAY to get here by boat.
CLERK: Any requests? We have a wide selection of things to play.
KAREN: Oh look... It's little dove. How are you little dove? Little dove, little dove~...
You know, I'm not usually the partying type. They haunt me.
I threw a party once. Then everyone disappeared before the night was done.
I truly loved that party. People talk, though. They talk a lot. More than they should!
When parties are done, people leave. People leave when parties are done! DONE ARE PARTIES.
PARTIES ARE DONE.
Oh, I'm getting so emotional now! I'm going to cry on my dress! Not my dress! Not my dress!
I'm going to stop talking now.
TESLA: Good luck to both of you! I'll be happy and sad no matter who wins!
Such is the curse of being a mother!
Strike, strike, strike, strike! Strike 'em all down!!
TESLA: I saw a couple of Team Xen grunts hanging out in the lounge area...
I spoke with them, and it looks like they aren't here to cause any trouble.
I suppose even Team Xen grunts need to unwind sometimes.
I'm cool with them being here, but the moment they act up they're out of here.
Contact Jan?
JAN: ...
Oh, hey \PN!
Looks like you finally made yourself to a panel, huh?
As I've mentioned before, you can use this panel here to contact me when you need help.
So please, don't hesitate to give me a call!
JAN: Looks like It's time for you to deal with Amber? A fiery lass.
What do you want to know?
JAN: Amber's ace is her Toxtricity. The Toxel it evolved from was a gift from her father.
Unfortunately that's all that's left from him, but we're not talking about that right now.
Don't mess around with it either way, one fiery guitar riff from it and you won't be hearing things for days. That goes double for your Pokemon.
It'll blast through your team and quick if you don't shut it down early.
Amber's signature move is called Fever Pitch, based entirely on how hyped up she and her Pokemon are.
The stronger the hype, the stronger the move. So in theory you could just crash the party and nerf them, but...
I don't think she'd like that very much.
JAN: Amber uses the Volcanic Top Field. I've heard you're rather familiar with it now, so I doubt it needs much explaining.
Fire-Type attacks and various abilities are empowered on this field.
I'm sure you knew that already... Seems pretty obvious to me!
Anyway, this field can erupt depending on the move used.
Some of these moves include: Eruption, Heat Wave, Lava Plume, Magma Drift, Magma Storm, and Amber's favourite; Fever Pitch.
When the field erupts, take note that it will clear all hazards on the field and deliver a nasty shower of volcanic rock on anything on the field.
JAN: Oookay! So you need some help fighting Amber?
Speed and Power is the name of the game with Amber and her Fire types, and that tends to mean their defenses are rather vulnerable.
She tries to patch this with clever use of secondary typings and the defensive boons the eruptions grant her Fire types, but there's only so much that can help them.
My suggestion is to change up the field! There's a surprising variety you can turn her arena into.
Once you do that, just handle her how you would normally deal with the fast and furious, and her badge will be yours in no time!
By the way, did you know that a while back, before it was renovated, a trainer out there somehow managed to completely flood the arena and take her Underwater!
The engineers and Amber were pissed but they had to respect the ingenuity.
JAN: Good luck out there, \PN. You got this.
The kiosk is offline.
You wanna have fun on the dance floor? I wonder what people will say when I win?
Woo! What a smackdown!
Aw... Hrm... Maybe I got a little too excited.
You're definitely bringing up the hype!
Do you want to roll a bowling ball?
REINA: Oh hell yeah!! Strike!!!
You win now, right? I don't know a damn thing about bowling, but that was hype!!
VENAM: This party is still pretty dead. We gotta work to get things going!
VENAM: C'mon everyone, I wanna hear you scream!
Turn up the music!
VENAM: Hey, \PN! I just got an awesome idea...
What if we 2v2'd? Right here on the stage! Imagine the hype!
Damnit! I lost again?! What am I doing wrong here?!
VENAM: Augh! It was hype, though! I'll take whatever I can get!
SAM: Hey \PN! We've gotta thank you for freeing us from Angie a while back.
If it weren't for you we'd still be frozen human sculptures!
Hey, so... Alex and I were thinking about asking you for a rematch.
A simple 2v2 would do just nicely, yes?
I should've used My Pelipper instead. I suck!
We still need to train way more!
ALEX: Welp. It's a party! I drank a bit! I think I messed up! Oh well!
SAM: Oh Alex... You're something else. Thanks for the battle \PN. We'll get stronger next time!
SAM: Thanks for the battle. We'll get stronger so that next time we'll beat you!
SHARON: H-Hey, we're not here to cause trouble, \PN.
We just wanted to have a small break before we headed back to HQ.
So I would appreciate it if you would just allow us to stay here for just a little bit.
CLERK: I'm terribly sorry, but this bar is for adults only. Please understand.
...
Jan isn't responding.
BREEDER: The party don't start till I walk in!
I'm really feeling it!
AUGUSTUS: I heard there was a pretty great party going on in here.
Back in my day, I used to be quite the charmer!
RORIM: Darling...\| When I heard there was a party--\| AIYYY!! I had to show up!
How do I generate Hype?
Can I lose Hype?
Does the door stay open?
I want to check the Hype!
Yes
No
Time to Party!
Rival 2 Battle Theme
Classic Gym
More
Mood - Magical
Rival Battle 1
Normal Gym
No thanks.
Amber's Ace | Sig Move
Volcanic Top Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map415]
MELIA: Woah, that tremor was so powerful we felt it all the way back here...
ERICK: Ya, super weird. Usually we don't get stuff like that up here.
Welp. Good thing we're safe back here. Oh, sorry \PN.
MELIA: Rude.
ERICK: Yup, yup. This is the panel! I'll just take your trainer card and...
ERICK: :)
Alright that's done, let's get the heck out of here.
ERICK: Uh oh.
VOLTA: Y-You already got my co-workers, but I'm d-different!
This is what I get for true journalism... But it is what it is!
ERICK: Hey, Volta? I heard some noise and I wanted to see how you were d-
ERICK: So yeah, she's probably dead.
We should run to the verification terminal and make our way to the lower level.
It's too late... We've suffered down here for too long. Now we're getting help?
ERICK: Huh? Orion? Didn't you just come down here yesterday?
Dramaaaatic.
It's been a long day...
SCIENTIST: It was a very long night.
ERICK: OK.
I just want to leave...
Erick: That thing was last seen in here. By me. So we're not going in there!
Change the water level?
???: That thing was last seen in here. By me. So we're not going in there!
ERICK: Oh... We can change the water level here.
ERICK: Yep, that'll do it. Truthfully, I'm not sure why this is here.
It doesn't do anything but be inconvenient.
ERICK: Oh man...\| Now that's not good. I told you guys it was using the pipes to get through the facility.
SCIENTIST: Erick, do something! This thing is going to capture me if we don't do-
ERICK: Take him, not me! I'm just a teenager!
SCIENTIST: ERICK... How could you do this to your own staff?!
SCIENTIST: P-Please, no! I-I beg you-!
ERICK: Kay, so. That monster reached this floor so we should probably leave.
VENAM: You know you're controlling a monitor right now, right?
ERICK: Yes?
MELIA: Which means you could've sacrificed the monitor to buy that guy some time!
ERICK: Shoot. Yeah you're right. RIP. Well, what's done is done.
I'll give him a raise later if he turns out to be okay and doesn't sue me.
Alright, companion buddy let's continue, post haste!
ERICK: Huh...? It sounded like it left the floor? But why?
Welp. We can move at our own pace again, but be prepared for whenever it attacks again.
Access denied.
ERICK: Wha...? Seriously? What's the deal with this now?
Talk about 2-step verification. What a ridiculous system.
Maybe there's something around that could help us with this like before.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
MELIA: All the people the monster took seem to be all in one piece!
Volta and the other news reporters are here!
VENAM: Kanon's here too. Thank goodness.
ERICK: Are we just gonna ignore the beast that's literally right in front of us?
You guys need to pay more attention.
MELIA: ...
VENAM: So this should be easy. If all the people are here, that means it doesn't have anyone in its belly.
Let's rip it to shreds.
MELIA: Wait!\| There's something about this thing that's been bothering me.
ERICK: Well of course. I mean, just look at it. It's horrendously ugly and smelly.
MELIA: No, I mean... It's familiar. I know I've seen it before.
MELIA: Heh... Its attitude is familiar isn't it? The rude attacks. The aggressive personality.
We've seen it all before. A very long time ago.
MELIA: It's you, isn't it?\| \c[6] Garbodor!
???: Garboa...
MELIA: It is... \PN, Venam. This is the same Garbodor we encountered at the Abandoned Sewers.
The same one who saved us from Team Xen in Goldenwood Forest.
The last time we saw you... You were fighting off Zetta.
He must've done this to you.
ERICK: Done what exactly? This is a Pokemon then?
MELIA: Zetta had the power to turn Pokemon into Rift Pokemon.
VENAM: So what do we do then? It can't stay here.
ERICK: This has gotten real personal real fast.
Maybe we don't have to destroy it. It's possible we could revert it back to a regular Garbodor.
MELIA: Is it?! What do we have to do?
ERICK: I'll need a sample of it. Maybe I could take a look back at the lab.
MELIA: Garbodor... Would you allow me to?
GARBODOR: Garboa...
Garbodor gave Melia a sample of its body!
MELIA: Please, Garbodor.\| The people you brought here don't belong here.
Please, I'm asking you with all my heart. Set them free!
They have nothing to do with this. We'll find a way to fix this!
MELIA: Garbodor?
MELIA: ...?!
VENAM: Friend or not, Garbodor is still corrupted!
It'll attack us if it feels threatened in any way!
ERICK: We should retreat for now. The sample should give me enough to work with back at the lab!
MELIA: Garbodor... We never got the chance to thank you for saving us all that time ago.
But it's like a string of fate has lead all of us here to thank you in a different type of way.
\PN, and I-- No, everyone here. We're going to save you from this!
We'll undo the curse Zetta placed upon you!
MELIA: Garbodor... We never got the chance to thank you...
And up to this point, we tried to make things right, but we're not good enough.
I wish things were different, and I wish we could be friends.
You're a threat to the city, and you're a threat to yourself.
\PN and I will save you both!
GARBODOR: Garbooaa!!
MELIA: Did we do it? We must've!
MELIA: It shrank down into nothing... This is the form we need it in, right?
ERICK: Yeah! Great work guys! I'll just sedate it so that I have enough time to bring it back to the lab.
ERICK: One...\| Two...\| Three... And!\| Zappu!
ERICK: Phew... That should do it!
MELIA: We...\| We did it.
\PN, Venam, Erick!! We did it! We were successful!
VENAM: Holy heck. We actually did it.
ERICK: Ehehe... I guess we still have to actually reverse what happened to Garbodor before we celebrate.
But I'm confident me and my team will be able to do it! Surely!
MELIA: I could sing! Oooh, I could even dance and that would be so tragic!
VENAM: I wonder what happened to that orb then?
ERICK: It's lodged within the Garbodor's body, but it looks like Garbodor drained the thing dry.
It was using it to live, after all. I wouldn't worry about it anymore!
VENAM: Huh... Awesome.\| This is just too awesome!
We did it!
MELIA:
MELIA: Soon after, Erick and \PN brought Garbodor up the plant above ground.
Everyone seemed to be doing well. Most of them don't even remember what happened to them.
Guess that was a side effect of having your energy drained by Garbodor.
Nevertheless, Kanon and the others were safe.
MELIA: Unfortunately, I got caught by Volta and she wanted to interview me.
It makes sense, as I was the missing girl, but I couldn't tell her about all the stuff with Kugearen.
I made up a story of how I was kidnapped by Team Xen, and that my Dad came to rescue me... But ultimately sacrificed himself.
After all, he did try to help back on Valor Mountain.
MELIA: Because of his efforts, Dad was given a plaque to honor his sacrifice.
Crawli and his rangers all came to honor him. I was so glad...
MELIA: I didn't want to stay in my old room again, so Venam's mom invited me to stay over...\| Indefinitely!
She also offered to have \PN stay there too, but \PN always seemed to be busy with something.
It's unsurprising. \PN is always running around the region doing who knows what!
KANON: I'll wait here. I don't want to cause too much trouble.
ERICK: Good guy Kanon!
AMANDA: Would you look at that! \PN is on that grind yet again!
Last time we saw each other it was at Sheridan, right?
You had two badges then. Let's see how many you have now!
AMANDA: 8 badges?! And now you're going on to the 9th, huh?
If you were in another region, you'd be done by now!
But here you're only half way done.
Anyway, you know what this is leading to, yeah? Then let's get to it!
I lost? Hell yeah! I lost! This is awesome!
AMANDA: I am super duper impressed! You're not that novice I met at the laboratory!
I'm interested in how far you'll actually go. But until next time, so long!
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Corroso.
More info on Code: Corroso is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
ERICK: Oof, that one felt really close. Particularly to \PN's location.
ERICK: Ah...! \PN look over there!
ERICK: That's the thing that showed up! What's it doing on the upper floors?!
MELIA: Huh... It looks sort of familiar...
VENAM: Familiar? Really? That thing just looks like the mutated dump I mentioned before!
ERICK: Um... So I didn't expect us to run into this thing so soon so I didn't get to explain...
But this thing has the tendency to kidnap people and drag them to the lower floors.
If we fight this thing now we risk hurting whomever may be inside, so...!
???: Graabraoao...
ERICK: Yikes! Run into that room, quick!
ERICK: Phew... So close. Let's make sure we don't attract it with any noise.
???: Hey.
ERICK: Wh-Wha-What are you doing in here missy?!
???: No need to get so mad! I'm fine! See?
VENAM: Isn't that the Gearen News reporter? Volta?
VOLTA: Charmed.
Don't worry, I wasn't put here cause I volunteered to do it. My mom, Ms. Lady In Charge said it'd be good for me to report on this lock-down
stuff.
ERICK: Yeah, I know that, but I said you weren't allowed!
It's already too dangerous for the police and other actual personnel, so in extension to that-
HENRIETTA: We were just on our way out, but we got cornered by that blob thingy.
Listen we'll just stay put, behave, and put on a smiling face for the audience!
So pleaseee let us stay!
ERICK: DIE,\| BURN IN A FIRE.\| Okay you can stay.
VOLTA: Sheesh...
ERICK: But pls don't sue me if something bad happens to you. I have no money.
VOLTA: Got it.
ERICK: C'mon companion buddy. Let's see if where else we can go!
KANON: H-Help!
ERICK: Kanon!!!
MELIA: This is awful...
ERICK: No it's not! Kanon is stupid! Stop getting kidnapped you dingus.
If that guy graduated from damsel in distress college I would say "yeah".
The guy literally stood next to a pipe when there's a monster rummaging through them >:(.
VENAM: He's got a point.
MELIA: But you just can't-\| Yeah...
ERICK: DINGUS.
Well it's a good thing we're heading down there anyway.
He'll be fineeee.
MELIA: I hope so...
AMANDA: And that takes care of that! Another day, another day full of boring official league work.
AMANDA: Well, well, well! Look at who it is!
\PN's here to presumably battle Erick in an official league match, eh?
Well you're in luck, I was just here to renew his contract.
But enough about all that. I see that you have 8 badges now, yes?
If you were in another region, this would be the end, but you're only half way there now!
Know what? I wanna see the strength of a trainer that has 8 badges! Here we go!
AMANDA: Wow, so fab! You're getting so much stronger!
I knew I saw potential in you when we first met, but this is something extraordinary!
I look forward to our next meeting. Until then, good luck!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Floor?
ERICK: Hehe... Trying to cheat? Stop using Shadow Pokemon!
ERICK: Technically I already won our bet, but I'll give you another shot!
I know I'm pretty good at battling. You are too, but...
Hehe... Let's see if you can win this time!
ERICK: Well look who it is! \PN finally made it!
Everyone says you're pretty good. Maybe you are, maybe you aren't.
You DID help me defeat Garbodor. That's something I couldn't do on my own.
So I guess there is some merit to that claim.
AMBER: Kick his ass \PN! If you lose this, we'll all look like fools!
MELIA: \PN, I know you can do it! You're the strongest person I know!
VENAM: (What about me, though...? I'm pretty strong...)
VENAM: Hey, \PN! Show this cocky punk that he ain't nothin'!
ERICK: H-Huh? Cocky? Oh... Did you guys think I was serious?
I-It's just banter, pls don't be mad at me.
KANON: I believe we're just bantering back. Everything is all fine.
ERICK: Oh.... Yeah, I knew that.\| Anyway...
ERICK: Okay, okay! That's enough. I'm ready to get started!
I'll show you exactly why I have such a high win rate.
I guess you could say... You'll be shocked by the results!
Oi vey. That didn't go in my favor at all...
AMBER: HAHAHA. THAT'S RIGHT. KNOW THE FEEL OF FAILURE!
AMBER: KISS MY ASS!
AMBER: Victory is sweet...
MELIA: Great job, \PN! You were amazing out there!
I had faith that you'd win from the beginning of course.
AMBER: Man... If only \PN won the first time. This sucks! \PN won, but the rest of us lost.
VENAM: Gotta hand it to Erick. He's good at this too.
KANON: Perhaps this was a coin flip given to the evenly matched.
Or maybe one side just played it better in that instance?
ERICK: But what matters is that we had fun, and you know what? I did!
Whoever won or lost, it was a good time regardless!
Thus I present \PN with... The Pulse Badge! Zing, sparkle, sparkle.
\PN got the Pulse Badge!
ERICK: Pokemon up to level 65 will heed your command, lest they boxed away in a PC world.
Oh, and please take this as well! A gift from you to me!
Wait, I had that backwards. Me to you!
ERICK: Welp, that was fun. Now what?
AMBER: It's time I made a phone call and headed home.
It was fun hangin' out, but I gotta get back to Terajuma.
I'm in connection with someone who's gonna land me a huge gig. Business as usual.
VENAM: See ya.
KANON: And the kindle flame burns out. It was a time, for sure.
ERICK: Guess I'll head back too. See ya guys!
???: Damn... I thought he would never leave.
MELIA: Karrina?!
VENAM: Here to cause us trouble again?
KARRINA: Hmph...\| No, actually. You all did a fine job. I was impressed.
I'm here to tell you all something that may just pique your interests.
MELIA: ...?
KARRINA: There have been reports of an odd phenomenon going on in Grand Dream City.
People are going missing. It's not one or two people, but dozens of people.
And the scary part is that when they reappear,\c[6] they're found completely encased in stone.
MELIA: Completely encases in stone...? That sounds familiar, doesn't it?
KARRINA: I have a sneaking suspicion Team Xen may be behind this.
I was gonna go check it out myself, but... I think your group would have more success.
I was wrong. I think you guys are quite capable.
VENAM: Glad you see it our way.
KARRINA: Watch it. My kindness only goes so far.
Anyway, I have a contact in GDC that would be willing to house you all, if you choose to go, that is.
If you guys are up to it, I'll contact her.
MELIA: We should go. There's nothing left for us here in Gearen City.
VENAM: I'm down. If I stay here, I'll be bored forever.
KANON: What about me? Am I permitted to join you all?
KARRINA: I haven't heard anything from the Hags, so I think this is where they want you to be.
Just make sure not to cause any trouble.
KANON: Understood.
KARRINA: Alright, I'll be off then. Stay safe guys.
VENAM: So... how exactly do we get to Grand Dream City?
MELIA: I've been to Grand Dream City once when I was a little girl with my Dad.
If I remember correctly, the train here at West Gearen is a one way trip there.
VENAM: Cool and convenient. Let's make our way there.
VENAM: Augh, it smells even worse in here!
MELIA: It's a sewer system, I don't know what you expected.
VENAM: Yeah, but it smells like people from West Gearen really need to go see a doctor.
Cause this stench is NOT normal.
MELIA: Karrina did say something went wrong down here.
But what could it be?
VENAM: Maybe someone took a mutated dump and now it's roaming the waste.
I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that.
VENAM: Whaaaat? I was just making a joke. It's gross, but gross jokes can be funny.
???: Hehaha. I thought it was kinda funny!
MELIA: Don't scare me like that!
???: Sowwy. I forgot that this mask can look really creepy.
Speaking of masks, you guys aren't wearing any. That must really suck.
At least put on these nose filters. You'll be able to get through the nasty smell.
VENAM: Ah... Sweet relief. Much better.
???: So like... What are you guys doing down here. Didn't you hear the news about the lock-down?
VENAM: Yeah, we did, and we're here to help out.
???: Wha?! Really? Um...\| I dunno how good of an idea that is, but...
I'm not really here to refuse help, so b-okay!
My name is Erick, the Gym Leader of West Gearen City!
VENAM: Wait... You're Erick? Eugh...
MELIA: You know him?
ERICK: Uh... Yeah, do you know who I am?
VENAM: Yes, that's Erick. Saki's boyfriend.
ERICK: Wh-WHAT? NOT TRUE! Saki and I are just best friends!
And what do you know about Saki?
VENAM: Erick, it's me, Venam. I just don't have the purple hair anymore.
ERICK: Oh, that makes sense. Hi, Venam!! You don't visit anymore.
VENAM: I know.
I thought Saki was the leader of West Gearen? Did she finally get fired?
ERICK: We switched places, that's all. Anyway, you guys wanna help?
MELIA: That's why we're here.
ERICK: So... Lemme explain. A week ago I was watching anime, and-
Well, something showed up here in the sewer systems.
At first we thought it was just a regular ol' Pokemon causing havoc, but it was something we've never seen before.
It was extremely powerful too. A lot of people have gone to face it on the lower levels, but none have returned.
In fact, I was just on my way to go see what was really going on, but you guys are here now!\| What luck!
VENAM: Any chance you've seen a boy with white hair around here?
ERICK: Boy with white hair...\| Oh, yes I have! He showed up here and he was helping out for a bit.
But... He took the elevator to the bottom floor and hasn't returned since.
I can't even get the elevator to respond down there either, so... Wack.
VENAM: Brilliant.
MELIA: Kanon...\| Just tell us what we need to do!
ERICK: Excellent! Though this system is small so it's better if we send the strongest member down there instead of all of us.
VENAM: That would definitely be \PN.
ERICK: Okie. So everyone not named \PN, please follow me!
ERICK: Hi! I'll accompany you using this! That way I won't get in the way.
Oh, Melia and Venam are here too, by the way. They can see everything!
MELIA: Hey \PN!
VENAM: Yo.
ERICK: Okay companion buddy! We're going to get the bottom of this. Literally!
Lead the way companion buddy!
VOLTA: I'm just here so I can keep the people in the know!
You know what I'm talking about, right?
It's coming... I hear it coming... It'll devour all of us!
ERICK: Maybe.
How... How will we survive this ordeal?
It's all futile for us... We'll be devoured.
ERICK: Nom nom.
ERICK: Hey! That's why the elevator isn't working! It's covered with vines!
Let's clear out the way.
ERICK: Okie. Hold on, wait here.
MELIA: Phew, there. We can finally be useful.
ERICK: This IS the last floor. So that monster must be just up ahead.
JEFF: Man... I so don't get paid enough for this.
MELIA: Good luck, \PN!
ERICK: Huh... This place is looking kinda nuts...
I haven't been on this floor for a while so seeing it like this is shocking.
Shockingly annoying! I'm gonna have to be the one to chop all this off!
And I'm gonna have to pay someone to get rid of it.
There goes my investment in Annie Mae season 3. It's all hopeless...
ERICK: Oops.
ERICK: Hey! If we hurt someone we're gonna be in a lot of legal trouble and that's no bueno!
This is my fault so maybe I should sacrifice myself. I'll be a martyr!
VOLTA: Hey! I was waiting for you, Mr. Monster.
Would you be so kind as to honor us with an interview?
VOLTA: Yes, please step this way, sir! We're pleased to have you!
ERICK: What a martyr... ;o;.
Good thing I didn't kick her out, huh? Legal trouble truly isn't fun!
Okie, so I totally forgot that you need to be an employee to go any further down.
Cuz like, it'd be kinda weird if anyone could just- Anyway, there's a room just up ahead that will open up the way!
HENRIETTA: We'll behave and stay right here! We're here only for the news and nothing else!
VENAM: You got this as usual, right? Erick's good but after what we've been through, he shouldn't hold you down much.
ERICK: \PN look, that thing isn't there anymore!
The stairs are open! Let's make a run for it!
But I'm sure it's like... right around the corner, so like... Please be careful.
KANON: I'm not afraid of you all, I'm-
KANON: \PN?! They sent you to this dimension too?!
ERICK: Oh my... Kanon!
MELIA: Kanon! Are you okay? Are you hurt?
VENAM: What are you doing all the way down here, bud?
KANON: Melia... and Venam too? Just what's going on here?
MELIA: The Hags sent you into the pres-, er... my home and used you as a test for us.
KANON: ...
Well that's irritating. So this isn't some pocket dimension, or something?
MELIA: No, this is reality. Sadly. We came here to rescue you.
KANON: Well I'm here, but... There's kind of a problem.
When I woke, I came into contact with this "monster" and it ate the orb...
I tried to fight it, but of course I don't have any Pokemon to help with that.
It got hurt while chasing me and its form dissipated, only for it to regenerate itself!
VENAM: Great, so not only is it deadly, but it could explode at any moment.
ERICK: Regenerate itself...? It's possible this thing is searching for things to eat so that it can provide energy for it to do so.
But if that "orb" you mentioned before is explosive, then it would contain a massive amount of energy to begin with.
Eating other people would not be necessary to sustain itself. At least for a while.
MELIA: Maybe it's looking for something?
ERICK: Or someone...? It's only eating humans.
Also now that you found your friend... You're not gonna leave me, are you? :(
ERICK: Noo! Don't do me like this! I need help :(.
MELIA: We're not leaving you. \PN's just messing with you.
VENAM: At least we're hoping they are...
ERICK: I'm gonna take your word for it!
ERICK: You guys... ;o;.
I really owe you guys something. I dunno what, but it's gonna be good.
Okay, first things first, I'm gonna give \PN authorization.
Let's go, companion buddy.
ERICK: That's done! Kanon, you told me before that you don't have a Trainer Card, right?
KANON: I don't.
ERICK: A shame. We'll figure something out later. Maybe you can go crawling through the pipes, hehe.
Alright, let's march ahead!
...? Who let this child down here during a time like this?
ERICK: Uh... HELLO? I'm clearly right behind them, so clearly they have permission.
This place was ruined the moment Mr. Blakeory allowed children to be involved...
Oh...
Hrm... It seems like I've underestimated you, child.
ERICK: Yeah, you did. Please give us $10,000 in reimbursement.
AMBER: GO ON AND GET WRECKED!
ERICK: Guess that's all from me for now. Good luck with your adventure!
ERICK: ...
Wow you're a brave one, \PN. Totally not insane or anything!
Oop, sorry, that sounded like sarcasm. I really do admire it!
ERICK: Mm... Probably not best to walk back outside like that.
I think there was a rear exit in this room. Could be wrong, though!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
Change it!
Leave it
Yes
No
Ground Floor
Bye.
We're here to help!
[Map416]
What are you doing down here? Don't you know that it's dangerous?
Eep! I've been knocked back completely!
Maybe I should be the one who shouldn't be here.
Sorry, but did you come down here thinking this was the right path?
Hm, well, that was foolish of you. There's no way this is the right way.
This way is still wrong, whether or not you defeated me.
Locked shut.
ERICK: Hey, it looks like you were able to push it back all the way here!
VENAM: Um, I don't think we really did anything. It came here all on its own.
ERICK: ...That's so strange. Why is this thing being so docile towards you guys?
Before we had to try everything to get it to stop attacking people.
But with you guys it kind of just sits around and does nothing but stink.
MELIA: Oh my god....
VENAM: Huh? Melia? Is something wrong?
MELIA: ...
VENAM: Melia?
MELIA: Huh? Uh, don't mind me. I'm just thinking aloud.
...Listen, that thing can't just stay around forever, we're going to have to knock it out.
ERICK: Yep, and when we knock it out we can finally capture it.
We can figure out what to do with it after that point.
???: Gaboboaob!
VENAM: Whoa, this thing is getting all rilled up!
GARBODOR: Garb...
VENAM: That thing is a Dimensional Rift?!
...If that's the case, then that damn well sure explains why it's so...
MELIA: ...I didn't want to believe it, but after watching that.
That Dimensional Rift... It's... I think it's Garbodor.
VENAM: Garbodor?
You don't mean the Garbodor from all the way back in the sewers in East Gearen?!
VENAM: I don't understand how this thing could be that Garbodor.
Yes, I will admit that it kind of looks like a Garbodor, but how would that thing turn into a rift?
MELIA: Back at Goldenwood Forest, Garbodor saved \PN and I from Team Xen's Rift.
We weren't able to escape with it. That's the last place I saw Garbodor.
...It could be possible that Garbodor was captured and transformed into one afterwards.
VENAM: Melia, that whole thing happened so long ago.
How was no one able to spot it until this very moment?
There's no way this thing could've gone undetected for this long out in the wild.
MELIA: I don't have an explanation for it, but...
Garbodor is this way because of me.
VENAM: Melia, we're not going through this again! Don't blame yourself for things out of your control!
VENAM: That's the orb Kanon had! Why does this thing have it?
ERICK: That thing's been holding onto it ever since it snatched Kanon.
It looked pretty desperate to get to it. I'm not sure why...
But I've already defeated it a few times. It keeps going back to that orb and then reforming.
ERICK: ...Like that.
ERICK: Eugh! It crawled up the wall, that's disgusting!
MELIA: It looks like Garbodor is heading back to that cave area by the security room!
You guys better hurry up and make your way here!
VENAM: I'm on my way!
VENAM: Hey, wait up!
VENAM: Finally got out of that labyrinth myself.
These scientists are battling us as if they're worth our sweet time.
I bet your Pokemon are a bit hurt, aren't they?
Let me heal them up for you.
VENAM: There... That should be good, right?
I haven't seen the Garbodor around for a little while.
Where do you think it could have gone?
???: Gooroaooo...
VENAM: It sounds pretty close! Let's get going!
That...thing just crawled by here a moment ago.
I nearly jumped out of my skin when it stared back at me...
ERICK: It seems like you guys have some personal connection with this Garbodor.
I think I'll let you guys deal with whatever this is.
ELECTIVIRE: Viiii!
We're trying our hardest to keep this place running, but this beast is making things hard!
Please, get rid of it quickly!
Please stop bothering me. I'm trying to work here.
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
Can you believe the nerve these people have?
They threaten to fire everyone who works down here because of this smelly incident.
We are not responsible for anything that's happened!
Roooar! I'm so angry that I could... That I could... Rooooaar!
I absolutely despise my job. I'd rather drown in the sewage.
I can't believe that we're taking responsibility for this!
[Map417]
Contact Jan?
JAN: ...
Oh, hey \PN!
Looks like you finally made yourself to a panel, huh?
As I've mentioned before, you can use this panel here to contact me when you need help.
So please, don't hesitate to give me a call!
JAN: Ah, \PN! You're doing so well. I see you're at the West Gearen Gym, yes?
This time you'll be facing off against Sak- Wait, no you'll be up against Volt-
...
Huh?
I did not authorize these vacation times from either Saki or her substitute.
...Amanda and I are going to have a long talk.
Anyway, I see that you're up against Erick.
JAN: Erick's ace is his dazzling shiny Electivire! (Or so it says here, scribbled with red crayon...)
Erick's signature move is Thunder Pulse. An Electric spread move that has a high chance of paralyzing.
That's... all that's written here. Did Erick write this himself? Why did he use crayon?
JAN: Alright the field Erick uses is uh... Uh... I'm, I'm sorry, he wrote this really poorly in green crayon.
Oh, I see... Murkwater Field. Can this boy please use an actual writing utensil?
Anyway, the Murkwater Field may seem like a strange choice for Erick, but it synergizes very well for his team!
Most of the attributes of the Water's Surface field is the same, however...
The field acts like a hazard for non Steel or Poison Pokemon. It deals scaling Poison damage.
Water attacks also deal additional Poison damage!
If you wish to know more details, please refer to the Field Manual.
JAN: Ground Pokemon, while not directly benefited from the field...
They stand as a good defensive option against Erick's paralysis.
In addition, if you're able to change the field into a frozen field... Certain Ground moves are capable of smashing the field into nothing.
Thus removing any benefit Erick could potentially have.
Oh, and Pokemon with the ability Lightning Rod could be useful too.
JAN: Good luck out there, \PN. You got this.
Jan isn't responding.
ERICK: Those kinds of Pokemon aren't allowed here, sorry.
ERICK: Oh what's this? My beauty is so captivating that you're back to seduce me?
I'm so flattered!
ERICK: Well, if I'm honest... This is my first Gym Battle.
This is pretty exciting! Oh man, I'm starting to get goosebumps!
Please, don't hold back! I'll be recording this!
Oi vey. That didn't go in my favor at all...
ERICK: Ah... So my first battle ended up in a loss.
I thought I would be able to do more, but I guess I was sadly mistaken.
Since you beat me... You can have this!
\PN got the Pulse Badge!
ERICK: With that badge, Pokemon up to level 65 will obey you!
Additionally, you will be able to use the move Strength outside of battle!
Don't leave without this either!
ERICK: Good luck with your journey, and stuff.
ERICK: Our battle will be absolutely electrifying!
S-See what I did there? Did ya?
ERICK: Guess that's all from me for now. Good luck with your adventure!
Yes
No
Erick's Ace | Sig Move
Murkywater Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map418]
What would you like to read?
"With death there is also life. With life there is also death.
On the darkest day, on the darkest night, tragedy shall befall the Earth.
All those caught in the lord's shadow shall be drained and destroyed.
The world can be brought to peace again with four lights not born of man.
They shall preserve and save the land, and break down the establishment to single layers of sand.
Light shall once again be restored to the world. Prosperity and peace shall mesh in one giant swirl.
And the land shall be guided by a new light, the strongest of the four lights.
To rid this world of everlasting evil and blight."
"With life there is also death. With death there also light."
On the darkest day of humanity, the world shall shake, houses will burn, people will be killed.
The land shall shift, and innocent beings shall fall between the crevices.
Four darknesses born from man shall reign supreme and create a world in their own likeness.
The balance of life and death shall be shattered. The balance between light and dark shall tip.
Snuffed out and destroyed forever. A world born out of hatred, evil, jealousy and prejudice.
Disaster shall be the only known hope in creation of yet another world."
You can't read any of this gibberish.
It looks like there are books missing from the shelf.
Place books into the bookshelf?
You left the bookcase alone.
ELGYEM: Eleyooo!!
Elgyem looks like it's really happy with you.
Elgyem jumped towards you!
Elgyem is waiting for your next move.
KARRINA: This can't be all that's down here, right?!
KARRINA: Damnit!
Why can't things just go my way for once?!
I was hoping we'd find something down here to help us get out of here.
But... I guess that just wasn't meant to be.
KAREN: What do you mean?
KARRINA: Just perfect.
KAREN: Why did you two run off? Don't you know it's time for dinner?
In my household, it is required to be at the dinner table.
Members who don't show up will be brutally punished.
KARRINA: Karen, you're sick. You need help.
Do you even hear yourself speak, truly?
I'm already sick of this place! If you won't say the words, I'll beat it out of you!
KAREN: I can't believe you're talking to me like this! Apologize right now, Karrina!
KARRINA: Ugh, I'm so tired of this! I wish something would just take me away from here!
???: Oooouhhho?
KARRINA: \PN, did you hear that cry?
???: Oooouhhho!
KARRINA: What the hell?!
???: Grrrtzzzwwwirrrrtrrrr???
EEEEQQQQTTTTLLLRRRRRIIIII!!!
KAREN: Huh? Why is the floor looking at us? Did I wear the wrong dress today?
But I must say, that this dress is impeccable! Your taste in fashion is exceptionally sub-par!
???: vvvvVVVkkkkkkrrrrrtttttllllmmm!!
KAREN: Come on everyone! Let's dance the light away!
KARRINA: What's going on?!
KAREN: Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance!
KAREN: What are you doing? Go over to that pillar and press that button!
Pick up this book?
\PN picked up the book!
There seems to be a button on this pillar.
\PN pressed the button.
Nothing happened.
KARRINA: Ready?
One... two... three...
Push!
KARRINA: All right, let's get to it then.
The button is on the front-side of the pillar.
... The entrance is closed.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
KARRINA: Hey, are you feeling okay?
KARRINA: Yeah, it seems like we're back in the library.
KARRINA: What was all of that?
That whole area was completely undocumented, and had no hint of even existing here.
And then we had that Alice girl and her brother Allen.
Hm...
Tell me, \PN. Did you notice anything weird about those two?
Allen and Alice had a similar feeling, didn't they?
As if they were the same person.
Look at me going into great detail about this. Alice probably doesn't even exist.
That being said, we can leave this place now.
Karen is still in that other world, but I don't think she'll be leaving anytime soon.
...Just to be on the safe side though, we should probably clear the room behind the closed doors.
Meet me by that door, okay? I'm sure you'll love to see what's inside.
Press the button?
KAREN: Brrzzt. This is uhhhh.... your uh.... captain speaking... uh...
Are you ready to uh... OPEN THIS DAMN DOOR? Uh....
All right, take your positions!
Uno, dos, tres-bien!
???: Don't you dare press that button, \PN!
KARRINA: Hands off!
KAREN: Who's this, Little Dove? Is it a friend of yours?
HON!
Zis' is unacceptable! Who dares interrupt us?!
KARRINA: I knew it. I knew it would be you who would open up the Hidden Library.
I've been waiting for a long time for this... Karen.
KAREN: Um... Do I know you from somewhere?
KARRINA: You mean you don't remember this face?
The face of a poor girl who had her parents ripped away from her life?
KAREN: Can't say that I do!
KARRINA: My name is Karrina, descendant of the Garufa and caretaker of the Hidden Library!
KAREN: Huh????????
KARRINA: My parents were the caretakers of the library before me!
You murdered my parents because they wouldn't tell you where the library was!
Don't you remember?!
KAREN: Huh... Oh yeah, I guess I did something like that once.
OH YEAH!
I remember now! How could I forget Little Duck?!
Oh my... you were so precious back then with your little cute duck face.
My, my, my, how have you grown so quickly?
Didn't that happen only like a year ago?
Anyway, how are mom and dad? Still dead? Pfft... talk about deadbeat parents!
KARRINA: Shut your mouth! Don't talk about my parents that way!
KAREN: Aw, don't be so upset with me Little Duck...
KAREN: This is a momentous reunion! I can barely contain my excitement!
Are you here to help us open the door to the secret treasure, Little Duck?!
KARRINA: I came here to stop you from getting what you want!
My parents guarded that room with their life, and I won't let you be the one to soil their hard work!
Once I defeat you, I'll be handing you over to the authorities.
I'll finally close this library for good and then I can move on with my life!
KAREN: ...
KARRINA: Well? Do you have anything to say for yourself?
KAREN:\ts[2] Zz...Zz...
KARRINA: Are... Are you even listening to me right now?!
KAREN:\ts[2] Zz...z....z... Wha-What?!
Oh sorry... I was sleeping because someone was boring me to death.
Do you just want the library to be closed? Is that all you want?
If that's the case, why didn't you just say so?
- Opreeth, ma' agnithan! -
KARRINA: What... What did you just do?!
KAREN: Little Duck, Little Duck... I only did what you asked me to do.
Because I love and cherish you forever, I made the ultimate sacrifice...
I've closed the Hidden Library forever with us inside of it!
KARRINA: You locked us in here?!
KAREN: I did... didn't I? Oh... Oh my God... Is this...? Are we...?
Are we family now? Is this our new life?!
Oh, we'll be so happy together! We'll tell stories, have meaningful interactions!
Oh, but who gets to be the mommy? I call dibs on the mommy!!
\PN can be the daddy or the second mommy! I don't care what they choose!
Little Duck here can be our one and only, but beloved child...
T-This is so great! Momma would be so proud of me! Momma would be so proud!
KARRINA: What the hell is wrong with you?!
KAREN: Is that any way to talk with your mother?!
Go to your room now, Little Duck! I can't believe this disrespect!
I'm crying right now...
KAREN: Go now or I'll murder you just like I did your parents.
KARRINA: ...
KAREN: Can you believe this, \PN? What did we do wrong in raising Little Duck?
What could I have done to make her act this way?!
I'm a terrible, terrible momma!
\ts[2]Waaaaah!!!!
KARRINA: Karen explained how this door works, right? Let's go ahead and open it then.
... Just in case you forgot, we have to press both switches simultaneously.
So go over to that pedestal and get ready.
KAREN: After all this time... I've finally found what I've been looking for!
It's mine, it's finally mine!
Karen obtained the \bMega Ring!
KAREN: Oh, what's wrong? Are you mad that I got the Mega Ring and not you?
Oh boo hoo, \PN is such a crybaby!! Wah! Wah! I can't contain these childish tendencies!
You know, I used to cry an awful lot, but then Momma and Papa died horribly...
After that I just started laughing. Laughing really hard.
Oh, is that it, \PN? Do you want to make me laugh too? Hah...Hahahahaha!
\ts[2]Hahahahaha!
I like you, \PN. You're so funny. My parents were funny, too.
Here, catch.
KAREN: With this book you'll be able to translate Garufan writings.
It's installed with Garufan magic as well, so there's no learning process.
Don't just hand that book around like it's nothing.
You'll give away precious secrets to the common people.
Well, I got what I came for, so I'm leaving.
I bet you can read what's on the slab over there with the book now.
So why not give it a try?
...
She closed the entrance to this place.
I went to go confirm it, and lo and behold...
Anyway, don't fret about it. We won't be stuck here for long.
All we have to do is have her say "open" in Garufa.
How we're going to get her to say that?
Well, your guess is as good as mine.
Before we go ahead and start that whole process of getting her to say that...
I wanted to apologize to you.
Back when you were asking me for information on the library, I told you I didn't know where it was.
Obviously that was a lie.
It wasn't because I didn't trust you or anything. It's because I didn't want Karen to find it.
If you were to open the library, she'd eventually find her way in here. Looks like she was successful.
There's a lot to say here, so I guess I'll leave questions open to you.
What do you want to know?
The Mega Ring?
That's a very important item that the Garufa keeps hidden.
It allows trainers and Pokemon to take part in a process called "Mega Evolution".
Accompanied with the Mega Ring is a Mega Stone.
Both are required for Mega Evolution to take place.
There was a Mega Ring located here, but that seems to be gone.
I'm going to assume Karen has the Mega Ring, right?
If the Mega Ring was located here, I'm sure you can gather what's behind the door.
KARRINA: Yes, I am in fact part of the Garufan lineage.
Hm, you're a part of this whole thing with Spacea and Tiempa now. Is that correct?
I guess I should explain why and how I'm a part of it as well.
My parents were the rightful keepers of this library, but like I said before, they were killed by Karen.
Karen was actually going to kill me instead of my parents, but Spacea and Tiempa saved me.
... For a price.
I guess if I wasn't there for Karen to have, then she would take my parents instead.
Not sure why she would do that considering my parents were the only people who knew the location of this place.
I only learned of its location through my parent's notes and journals.
I vowed to get stronger and take Karen down myself, but as you can see... that's not working out.
KARRINA: Other than having Karen open the entrance back up? Nope.
It's pretty unfortunate, but I'm sure we'll find some way out.
If anything, I'm sure we can leave here by force, but I'd rather have the entrance be intact.
KARRINA: Karen is a very dangerous and mentally unstable woman, but you probably gathered that.
I'm assuming you don't know this, but Karen is part of the Elite 8.
I don't know why they would let someone like her into the Elite 8, but she somehow did it.
One thing I do know, though, is that she is also part of the Garufa lineage.
Even though she's one of us, she can't have what's behind the door. Especially since she already got the original treasure.
The Mega Ring.
KARRINA: Yes, I am in fact part of the Garufa lineage.
KARRINA: Right, well, I guess that's all for now.
I've studied my parents' writings and illustrations of this place.
I'm sure if we look around we can find something helpful, right?
I think there's a room that's off the path. I believe it's south from here.
KAREN: Can you believe it? We're actually here! We've found the Hidden Library!
Momma would've been so proud of me. Oh how I miss her...
Well, let's open this place up, shall we?
-! Trowen Ma' Acneeth !-
KAREN: Well, you know? That's good enough for me.
ERIENA: Father... I'm sorry... I won't do it again, I'm sorry...
VITUS: Do it, Gardevoir.
VITUS: Unfortunately, you've remembered too much.
I can't allow you to stay in this realm anymore, Eri.
ERIENA: Don't call me Eri!
GARDEVOIR: This is your fate, Eriena. Please accept it with dignity.
ERIENA: And what about mother, huh? How are you going to explain this?
GARDEVOIR: Anathea won't remember anything to do with you three.
I've made sure of that.
ERIENA: Maria... What are you going to do to her?
GARDEVOIR: She will be safe. Maria is no threat alone.
ERIENA: Maria...
\c[6]Please, no matter what happens. Don't you dare lose hope.
\c[6]Don't lose who you are, and don't you dare forget what's about to happen...
\c[6]Do you understand?\| Don't lose hope, Maria!
GARDEVOIR: Oh, please...
ERIENA: Father...\| No,\| Vitus...
I heard everything you said that day.
I'm a piece of this "Archetype". You're not my father. Not by blood.
I promise you this...\| Wherever you're sending me...
You can't just throw me away. I won't allow that!
I'll come back and save my brother and my sisters.
And Vitus... I'll have your head.
I promise you that.
VITUS: Gardevoir.
ERIENA: Even if it takes decades... Centuries...
I'll make sure your plans crumble into dust. I look forward to that day.
Justice-
VITUS: Isn't real.
GARDEVOIR: What a heartfelt, but meaningless speech.
VITUS: Those were her last words to me. As a father, it saddens me.
But her destiny is to stay put within the Unown Dimension.
GARDEVOIR: So, you've chosen Alice to be the administrator?
VITUS: Correct. She'll be the one who controls this world and how the other two operate.
Eri's energy was pre-emptive. She won't be able to do anything with Alice in control of everything.
VITUS: Alice, darling. This is something I can only trust you with.
This is a job that's important for everyone. Keep things under control while you're in there.
Everything's a game! This is your world now. Nothing you see is reality.
ALICE: Yes... Father...
ERIN: Yes, I remember who I am now. Everything.
I was the little girl whose parents put too much on her.
The little girl who broke because of it, and the little girl, who in the end, was reborn.
He tried to shackle me.
\ts[1]But I cannot be contained.
KARRINA: \PN, do you know what these are?
These are Mega Stones.
Karen can come out of that other world whenever she wants to so...
Better clear these out now.
KARRINA: ...And that's all of them!
Uh, I know all of this was pretty weird and sudden, but...
I want to make it up to you, so...
I have one mega stone in both of my hands.
Pick one hand and I'll give you the mega stone in that hand.
Sound like a deal? Good!
Now pick.
Out of left field, eh? Here you go!
KARRINA: Ah, that's a Banettite.
It can have the Pokemon "Banette" go through the process of Mega Evolution.
Of course you'll need the Mega Ring to actually start this process, but...
At least you're half way there?
It's the only right way to go!
KARRINA: Ah, that's a Heracronite.
That can have the Pokemon "Heracross" go through the Mega Evolution process.
Of course having the Mega Stone is only half way there. You'll need a Mega Ring too.
Where to find a Mega Ring? That's another story entirely.
So that's that, huh?
I'm going to go open up the library and finally close this chapter.
I really want to thank you for all that you've done up to this point.
And I mean with Melia and the rest. You're really something special.
Take care, \PN.
"The Hidden Library 3" Help Request completed.
KARRINA: All right, according to these diagrams, it should be around here.
KARRINA: What's this?
This bookcase isn't here in my parents' writings.
Is it possible that they missed something here?
No, that's impossible. My parents would never leave something like this out.
This isn't part of this place. This must've been put here after my parents were killed...
KARRINA: That's what I thought. The diagram showed a staircase.
Not sure who put this bookcase here, but it's clear that they wanted to hide this staircase.
... Whatever the reason may be, we should be careful.
We should stay far away from Karen.
KAREN: Little Duck? Little Dove? Where are you? It's time for dinner! What's for dinner?!
KARRINA: Speak of the devil...
Let's go.
KAREN: Little Dove, Little Dove, how I love my little Little Dove~.
You answered my Help Request, right? You wouldn't be here if you didn't...
If you didn't accept it, I would've hunted you down anyway.
I know I said before that I already got what I came for, but I've learned that that's not the case.
Upon reading more books, I've come to the conclusion that this door hides a secret treasure...
Treasure that should be rightfully mine because I found out about it first!
Y-You're going to help me, right, Little Dove?
KAREN: Of course Little Dove will...!
KAREN: Uh, is my existence not good enough for you?
I'll have you know that I am well revered by many people. I have a fanclub you know!
Many of them would KILL to be in your shoes. I wouldn't be surprised if they already tried!
You're helping me with this no matter what!
KAREN: Ok.
Have you ever inspected these two pillars by the door?
They literally hold the key to opening this door.
Both pillars have a switch that must be pressed at the same time!
That's why you're here, Little Dove!
You're here to press that button with me! Not that difficult of a task, right?
Then get to it!
ELGYEM: El!!
Light Prophecy
Dark Prophecy
Yes
No
Mega Ring?
Garufa ancestor?
Have an escape plan?
That's enough for now.
Who is Karen?
Left
Right
Sure.
What's in it for me?
Ok.
[Map419]
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
DEWPIDER: Pidi!
The crystal won't respond.
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
NARCISSA: \PN?!\| Does that mean... Finally...\| I'm back?
Where on earth are we? I don't recognize this place...
This is such a bother...
NARCISSA: Heavens... Route 9? That's quite a ways away from Goldenleaf Town.
Route 10 is just north of here, yes? Perhaps I can catch a ferry to Akuwa Town.
NARCISSA: That demon sent me to a filthy looking mansion.
All the doors were locked, and I didn't have my darling Chandelure to help me escape.
\PN, might I ask... Do you happen to have my darling Chandy?
That surprise attack from Dufaux separated us... I'm worried sick.
NARCISSA: I see... So it ran off after I was sent to... whoever knows where.
This has all become more of an ordeal than I've anticipated.
But it cannot be helped. I must find my Chandelure and then continue my quest.
There's one place my Chandelure would go to if it were scared.\| cliff side Grave.
A hidden grave that can be gotten to through Amethyst Cave, if you know the way.
NARCISSA: Oh? It looks like you've already been there once before?
In that case, would you like to travel there together?
NARCISSA: Then let's be on our way. We have a long way to go.
NARCISSA: Very well then. Please excuse me.
Please excuse me.
NARCY: We've got this thing cornered now!
ROTOM: Raooo!
NARCY: Wh-What? Did that thing just hide itself in that rock?
NARCY: H-Huh?!
Yes
No
Route 9!
What happened to you?
I have things to do
[Map420]
TEACHER: The way to the stadium is currently closed.
Please come back later.
SAKI: ...?
SAKI: Wait... Holy smokes, there's no way. Is it really you...?
It's...\| It's...\| Who are you again?
SAKI: Sorry bud I dunno a "Me"! Is that Spanish?
Teehee, but if you wanna be bros that's ok too!
My name is Saki Blakeory! I'm uh... 17, I think. I'm a girl, and I like to build things!
SAKI: Hm.... Did we meet on Twits.tv? Maybe we streamed together at some point, I 'unno!
But if you wanna be friends that's cool my dude.
I'm Saki Blakeory. I THINK I'm 17. I go to school and build cool things.
SAKI: Nice try my guy. Mildred Mcanny got expelled for flooding the bathroom on the third floor last year!
You can't trick me with your lies you dirty heathen!
But that was a nice lie! Let's be friends. Best friends!
AMBER: God I could hear this rat talk from across the room.
Guess you found the one and only, Saki Blakeory.
SAKI: Y-YOU!?
SAKI: Never in my day did I imagine myself in the presence of this foul beast again.
Tell me...
SAKI: Who let this demon out of her cage?!
I will exterminate this vermin and bring peace back to this land once more.
*Smack!*
SAKI: OWIE...
AMBER: We've already done this shit before! We are not doing it again.
SAKI: Again? What are you talking about you stupid snapping turtle?!
AMBER: ...???
I know it's been a while, but there's no way you could've forgotten about what happened on Terajuma already!
SAKI: Well maybe I didn't forget because I've never been on Terajuma, psycho!
Can you believe people these days, Mildred? I mean what a hoe, right?
Can you believe people these days? So freakin' rude...
AMBER: ...
I knew something was wrong with this girl, but this isn't right.
Saki, you've been to Terajuma. You know who Mildred- Er, \PN is...
Saki, you've been to Terajuma. You know who \PN is!
SAKI: Have you two lost ya damn minds?! I didn't expect to deal with the two crazies from apple street today!
Ya girl is just tryna eat her PB&J sandwich while waiting for her friends to show up in PEACE.
AMBER: Excuse us.
AMBER: Why doesn't Saki remember anything that happened on Terajuma?
If she doesn't even recognize you then she doesn't remember stuff that happened at Blackview City too, right?
AMBER: Whatever, Blacksteeple Castle. I got the gist of what happened there from what Melia told Venam.
She's not gonna be much help now is she? What do we do now?
<ac>\PN told Amber about Aelita and her involvement at Blacksteeple Castle.</ac>
AMBER: I see, so this Aelita person was with you on Blacksteeple then?
Eh...\| I wanna test something out. Go find Aelita and bring her back here.
Don't take too long. Being with Saki for an extended period of time gives me headaches.
???: Hey, what's going on? I don't think we've met...
Graduation's coming up... I bet when it's all over and done with, I'll be hired as a Gym Leader.
As for you? Hah, fat chance. You're a nobody.
Hey, I've seen you before! You fought against Adam Might and won!
Gotta say, I'm a fan of yours! Keep rockin' it!
AMBER: Seriously? You won't take my money? I need a Student ID?
I'm fully willing to pay for food and you're refusing? Jeez...
SAKI: ...
???: Saki!!
SAKI: M-Mom? Dad?? What are you guys doing here?!
I thought you guys were finishing a deal in Jubilife City?
AYAME: We were, but...
Well, you already know what's going on.
DAI: Saki... We've come because it's not safe for you to be alone.
SAKI: B-But I can take care of myself...
AYAME: I understand, hun, but please look at it from our perspective.
The Blakeory name is under heavy fire at the moment.
The state of this school and the Blakeory company is uncertain.
DAI: And there are a slew of threats coming in recently.
We can't take any chances. Please come with us to East Gearen for now.
SAKI: ...I understand. I'll go.
AELITA: Oh no... It's Risa Raider.
This school's known for its prestigious programs that allow students to get into practically any corporation they want to!
Hey, did you know that I'm late to class? Do I care that I'm late? Absolutely not.
SKITTY: Mra!
AMBER: Go find Aelita and bring her back here. I wanna test something.
AMBER: Oh great... Who is this annoying chick? I've had enough hyper-activeness.
AMBER: Oh hell yeah. We're getting somewhere, bitches!!
AELITA: Here?
AMBER: Yeah. Well, mmm....\| It's a little bit farther north, but this is the back of the school.
The land pretty much stops where this school was built, and I doubt it's in the ocean somewhere.
This would be so much easier if we had Z-coordinates!
AELITA: Z-Coordinates?
AMBER: Um, yeah?? It's the third dimensional coordinate of a pixel and or voxel.
You know? Part of the Cartesian coordinate system??
AELITA: Um... Nope!
AMBER: Up or down! If we had the Z-coordinates, we would know whether it was above or below us.
But considering everything, I'm willing to bet there's an underground chamber in the school.
And I bet the way down is through this fountain somewhere.
AELITA: You got all that just from those deductions??
AMBER: Hell yes I did! I bet you the Blakeorys are clich enough to build something like that.
No actually, I guarantee it. If not, I'll do something embarrassing like change my last name to Bakery.
...I mean Blakeory.
AELITA: If that's the case... Wonder how you'd open it?
AMBER: We get wild.
I bet you it's off limits to touch or even walk on these panels.
But imma do it anyway because we're ~investigating~.
???: MS. VON BRANDT!
AELITA: Hazuki...!
AMBER: Um... It's not what it looks like?
HAZUKI: Then what does it look like then? Hm?
It looks like you're trying to cause trouble. Do I have to call your mother?
AMBER: N-No, Ma'am... I'm sorry.
MRBLAKEORY: Come now, Hazuki... No need to be so strict.
Clearly these children are just exercising their creativity.
HAZUKI: They can exercise their creativity while also not damaging school property.
And for what? Some "underground facility"? Don't be ridiculous.
AMBER: (Psst... Aelita, this bitch is lyin', I know it.)
HAZUKI: What was that?
AMBER: My clothes are ready for dryin...?
...???
HAZUKI: My mother could come up with better lies,\| and she's dead.
What is it that you three really want?
How about you, Aelita? We're old friends aren't we?
AELITA: ...!
HAZUKI: Honey, go on ahead without me. I'll take care of these three.
MRBLAKEORY: As you wish. I'll meet you upstairs for supper.
HAZUKI: Now, now, Vivian... You don't write, you don't call...
What am I supposed to make of this?
AMBER: Wha...?
AELITA: I'm sorry to disappoint, but I'm not Vivian.
HAZUKI: Of course not. But you have her likeness, her essence.
That is what I am referring to.
Now, old friend. What have you come here for?
(AELITA: Hazuki is an old friend of Vivian, but that was over 50 years ago...
Can I really trust the person she is right now?)
AELITA: Uh...
HAZUKI: Oh, what an awkward situation. I suppose even though you are a spawn of Vivian...
You, Aelita, and I, Hazuki, don't really know each other at all.
AELITA: I'm sorry...
HAZUKI: No need for apology. In this case, let us get to know each other.
Thomas and I have dinner plans tonight, but I would love to have you three for dinner tomorrow?
AMBER: We accept!
HAZUKI: Good. I'll see you all upstairs tomorrow at 7 p.m. sharp.
If you have nowhere to sleep, I implore that you use the school's dorm.
I've made accommodations for you all. Goodnight.
AMBER: So... That whole conversation was so confusing.
Is Vivian your mom or something?
AELITA: ...This is a very, very complicated subject that I'd like to explain to you at a later time.
For now, I guess I'll just say yeah.
AMBER: Fine with me. If you have a connection with that Hazuki woman, then this is great.
But damn is she a liar. You saw how defensive she got when she brought up the underground facility?
AMBER: She was being super shady. Telling me it was ridiculous or whatever.
She just happened to be there the moment I decided to step on the fountain.
Like, okay... What a coincidence, I guess. If you wanna look at it that way.
AMBER: I agree. There's no questioning it. Maybe.
Also she just happens to show up the moment we decide to investigate the fountain?
Okay. Kinda weird, right?
AELITA: Amber's talking about when she called the notion of there being an underground facility to be "ridiculous".
Personally I think it's sort of a stretch? But her timing was spot on.
AMBER: I was just gonna say! She just happens to appear the moment we mess with this fountain?
Red flags, guys. Red fuckin' flags.
AELITA: ...
It is sorta weird, but I dunno if we can go off just that.
Hazuki was a good friend of Vivian. I don't think she means any ill will.
I hope.
AMBER: You know what I say? Best thing to do is stay for the night and just kiss ass tomorrow at the dinner.
And with that, I'm gonna go check out those dorms.
It's late, I'm tired, and I'm ready to pass OUT.
AELITA: Guess we did get here kinda late... I'm gonna check around the building a bit more, but feel free to get some rest.
"The Bobsled Club!"
You a student? I haven't seen you around so you must be new. Underclassmen aren't allowed to walk around without their uniform.
Getting in trouble with Mr. Blakeory will mean your expulsion!
Where did Eviolites come from? Are they scavenged from mineable rocks?
SAKI: Um... Did anyone else not hear the announcement?
They're gonna get in trouuubleeee if they don't show up soon.
RISA: ...
Something's weird...
SAKI: Weird? Nah, it's all-
AMBER: Some bastard locked us in! I can't get the door to budge!
AELITA: And you're sure you can't open it?
HUEY: Yes!! I even tried breaking the door, but this thing is indestructible!
AELITA: I'll be the judge of that.
???: There's no need for such violence. The assembly shall start now.
???: Welcome. Thank you for listening to the announcement.
Your punctuality is appreciated.
Now that everyone is here, we shall begin the academic year.
AMBER: Academic year? What the fuck is going on here?!
SAKI: Um, we're nearing the end of the year, so... Kinda late, lady.
AMBER: Wait a minute... Hazuki?!
SAKI: ...Huh? Grandma?
AMBER: I knew you were shady, but this is something else!
HAZUKI: I am here as a representative of The Puppet Master.
You've all been enrolled in his academy.
AMBER: The Puppet Master? His academy?!
You're not talking with sense! I know old people go senile, but this is crazy!
HAZUKI: Allow me to explain your situation.
\c[6]The eight of you have been trapped within this building. A world created by The Puppet Master.
Within these walls hold truths that must be told. Find them.
\c[6]Only when all the truths have come to light, will the path to true freedom open.
Make your way to the end of this academy.
AELITA: Hazuki! You said the eight of us, but there are only four of us here!
LAVENDER: Who are the other four? Can you tell us that?
HAZUKI: Eight students have been spliced into two groups. You are both located in the same building.
But interacting with each other is impossible. Thus, telling you the members of the opposite team is pointless.
As such, you must work with your group in search of the truth.
But I will not leave you all here unattended. I will leave guides here for you.
The Puppet Master is the Headmaster, and I am the Headmistress.
We shall give each group one advisor. They will be of great help to you.
AELITA: Hazuki, why are you doing this? Why are you teaming up with The Puppet Master?!
HAZUKI: I have nothing more to say. Your situation, the rules, and the conditions have been explained.
You will not wake until the truth is found. Take too long to find the truth, and...
Well, let's hope it doesn't come to that.
AMBER: Hazuki, you old hag! Wait! Don't leave us here!
AMBER: Stop!
Welcome to Pathways 2!
Like before, both paths must be completed. This is the only way for the final ending to appear.
Find the truth hidden within the School of Nightmares...
Go through the School of Nightmares with Aelita, Huey, Lavender, and Jean?
Go through the School of Nightmares with \PN, Amber, Saki, and Risa?
AELITA: Oh, \PN! I couldn't find anything in the dorm area so I decided to head upstairs.
A lot of the doors are locked so I can't do a thorough search...
AELITA: Wait, you found Saki?! She's here in the building?
So Amber is here too? That's... Tesla's daughter.
I don't know Amber myself, but these memories I have...
AELITA: Oh, I was just looking at this poster in this book.
You should take a look!
AELITA: This? I was just taking a look inside of this book.
Here, take a look.
AELITA: It's a missing poster of a girl named Xara Bela.
This book is actually filled with posters of missing people, but this one caught my eye.
I dunno why, but this girl seems really familiar?
There isn't much of a description of her besides this photograph.
AELITA: I'm not gonna let my head run crazy with ideas before I have any evidence, but...
Hmph...!
I'll head downstairs for now.
<- Floor 2.\n-> Basement | Saki Blakeory Gym.
PROFESSOR: You shouldn't be running in the halls.
You'll fall and break your spine, it's true!
AELITA: Amber seems to have a lead on something? Let's ask!
PROFESSOR: Oh, can I help you? We're currently in the middle of class...
"GDC Tournament Stadium ^."
Huh? Why are all the rooms filled up? That never happens!
And on the day I need to study! JUST MY LUCK!
PROFESSOR: This room is being cleaned out by Mrs. Blakeory's request.
TEACHER: Sorry. I'm... I'm so sorry. This... This door is closed.
Oh my gosh... Please come back later.
Fire-types can't be burned, and Electric-types can't be paralyzed.
But somehow Psychic-types can still be confused. Isn't that strange?
What determines immunity?
Axis High Gym:\nLeader: Saki. Winrate: 73.3%.
"School Store."
It looks like someone was displayed here, but was removed...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Are you hungry? Can you please show me your Student ID?
Oh, you don't have one... I'm sorry, but only registered students and faculty can eat here.
Yawn... I can't bring myself to pay attention in any class. I'll get an A anyway.
"School Auditorium."
TEACHER: Saki currently isn't in her Gym right now.
SAKI: Hey, \PN...
Sooo... 9 months, huh? That's a long time isn't it?
Do you remember what we found in the School of Nightmares?
We learned about that Xenpurgis doohickey or whatever...
And it sounds REALLY REALLY strong.
That combined with the fact that I'll be gone for a little while...
It's probably best if we have our battle now, right?
Waiting for my reserve replacement will be suchhh a drag and no one needs that!!
Meet me inside.
My Gym is... Heh, it's a little different from other Gyms.
We'll see if you survive...
"2F Student Lounge | Standard Classrooms."
"Valarie Kersey | Top Graduate Year 20XX Specialty - Water-type Pokemon Trainer.
Valarie was an extremely competent and focused student here at our university.
Not only was she skilled in academics, but in battle as well.
Recommended by her Professors and peers, Valarie will take the role as a Gym Leader upon Graduation."
PROFESSOR: Have you been keeping up with your studies? It's finals week, you know?
Um, I was just in the middle of giving a presentation on Pokemon biology.
Did you know that Magikarp is completely made up of bones? It's totally inedible.
"3F Specialized Classrooms | Hall of Fame."
"Zumi | Top Graduate Year 20XX Specialty - Mechanics/Art.
Zumi was known for her eclectic combo of the arts and mechanical engineering.
She's known for leading the head development team for the new CyberNav, funded by her principal, Thomas Blakeory Sr.
Upon Graduation, she has joined a small team and headed to Gearen City for its restoration."
Sleep?
AELITA: Blegh... That bed was barely comfortable at all...!
Maybe that's why students are so sad and depressed around here...
The student life is just not for me.
AELITA: Oh, Huey and Lavender! You're here too!
LAVENDER: Unfortunately... We're supposed to be back home by now.
AELITA: ...What happened?
HUEY: We were working on a project, and everything was going well...
We stepped out for a second and when we got back, the project we were working on was completely destroyed!
AELITA: Wh-What?
LAVENDER: We had to get rooms at the dorms and work until we couldn't stay awake any longer...
AELITA: Hey, you gotta be more mindful! Can't just leave important stuff out like that!
LAVENDER: It's just that these things happening in Axis High are unheard of.
Maybe it's just a coincidence and it fell off the desk or something.
AELITA: Well...
HUEY: Anyway, Lavender and I were just about to go get some breakfast.
You wanna join us?
AELITA: I am a little hungry...
LAVENDER: Let's go! I think we're having crpes today!
AMBER: Finally, \PN! You're awake!
I was wondering if you would ever wake up at this rate...
AMBER: Yeah, good morning and all that. I slept well, but...
AMBER: Yeah, I've been up since like 3 am.
I only got about 2 or 3 hours. Something like that.
How could I sleep when you guys need my help, and I mean...
You guys CLEARLY need my help. Didn't even know about Z-Coordinates.
Anyway, I was up in the computer lab looking through stuff and guess what I found?!
An entire layout of the fuckin' school! We can go over it during breakfast.
I heard they're serving crpes today. With berries and stuff.
AMBER: We're so early that the crpes aren't even done yet... Erugh.
Oh well, we can figure out this layout ourselves in the meantime.
SAKI: Hey party people?! What's goin' on?! Y'all ready for some crpes?!
AMBER: Yeah. But only for \PN and I. You can go somewhere else.
SAKI: Aw c'mon, Ambot. Let's catch up. It's been years!
AMBER: Actually it's been a few months but you know what they say about Magikarp.
They're dumb, stupid, and full of bones.
SAKI: Yeahhh, they do say that.
AMBER: Hey, Risa Raisin, you get a haircut or something?
RISA: No, I just use extensions for my Risa Raider persona.
But someone stole my extensions last night!
I stepped out to use the restroom and when I got back, my hair extensions were GONE.
So here I am, all natural. That's it. I'm cranky this morning.
AMBER: Weirdo.
HUEY & LAVENDER: Crpes, crpes, don't be late~!
You're the only thing that can satiate~!
Our hunger.
AELITA: ...???
LAVENDER: Go on...
AELITA: Crpes, crpes, don't be late... You're the only thing that can satiate!
\sh\c[7]EVERYONE: Our hunger!!!!
AELITA: Wonder where \PN is? They aren't one to sleep in like this.
LAVENDER: \PN's been through a lot lately. We should let them sleep.
HUEY: \PN is the local town hero, after all! Where would be without 'em!
That's what their fan club on the top floor is saying, anyway.
AELITA: Yeah... I guess you're right.
ANNOUNCER: Attention. Surprise assembly in the auditorium.
All students must make their way to the auditorium post haste.
I repeat, all students must make their way to the auditorium immediately.
HUEY: They didn't even repeat it properly...
LAVENDER: A surprise assembly?? Since when do we have those?
AELITA: Um, I'm not a student...
LAVENDER: I'm sure you can tag along... But we should go.
RISA: Um... Did you guys hear that? A surprise assembly?
I'm a senior student and a surprise assembly has never happened.
You wouldn't happen to know anything about this right, Blakeory?
SAKI: Um... Nope. Didn't hear anything about this.
But we should probably go though. I ain't tryna get detention.
RISA: You'd just get out of detention anyway because you're the headmaster's granddaughter.
SAKI: Prob. Let's go!
AMBER: Hmph.\|
AMBER: Why? We're not students. In fact, if everyone's gonna be gone at that assembly...
We could probably get away with messing with that fountain again. Hehe.
AMBER: So... what? We don't have to go to that assembly because we're not students, duh.
...But this could also give us a chance to look around the auditorium!
Hm... Okay, I changed my mind. Let's get off our asses and head there.
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
Your entire party was healed!
AELITA: Whoa... The school back at Sheridan was nothing like this!
Let's explore the school and see what we can muster, yeah!
We're gonna give this place the ol' one two!
???: \PN?!
It's me, Amber! Don't you recognize me?
AMBER: The coast is clear... You're coming with me, \PN!
AMBER: I finally have you ALONE for once. No more distractions, no more interruptions!
I've been trying to give you this for weeks and things have just been-\| AUGH!!
NOW... THERE'S NOTHING THAT CAN STOP ME!
STUDENT: Hey is that Amber Von Brandt?! Can I get an autograph?!
\sh\c[7]AMBER: DROWN!
AMBER: Nothing will stop me this time. \PN, please take this...
AMBER: I've been trying to give you this for months at this point...
Do you have any idea how many times I've postponed this concert so that I could invite you?! Too many times!
But um, that's not all I wanted to give you. T-Take this too.
AMBER: This is a letter I wrote, obviously. But you can't read it yet!
This letter works in conjunction with the concert, so you'll have to wait till then.
Kinda odd that we ran into each other here.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I never took you for being a school person.
And I'm almost positive that you're not here to enroll either, sooo.\| What gives?
AMBER: Okay, whatever. You can't say.
That means we both got reasons for being here, but both of us won't disclose them.
Fair enough.
AMBER: That's something no one has said. Ever.
Except maybe Erick. He's a slave to that princess.
AMBER: ...? This outfit isn't new. You just haven't seen me in it yet.
That whole gaudy outfit was for the tournament, but since it's on hold I have no reason to wear it.
This is more my style anyway, so yeah.
AMBER: So, even though you can't tell me what you're doing here, I don't think it's a coincidence that we ran into each other.
Let me tag alongside you for a lil bit, kay? I can be reliable too, so don't get angry!
Where are you headed now then?
AMBER: Anyway, you said you were looking for Saki, right?
Dunno why people are so interested in that freak, but whatever.
Got any idea where she might be?
AMBER: Anyway, that new outfit response was 100% a way to change the topic, so I won't push you further.
But I doubt us running into each other is a coincidence, so I'll tag along for a bit.
AMBER: Call it intuition, but I don't really think it's a coincidence that we ran into each other.
So... I'll tag along with you for a lil bit. Where are you headed now?
AMBER: Cafeteria? I'm hungry too. Let's go check it out.
DELPHA: Erick, is that you?!
ERICK: Yup, my name is indeed Erick. But, uh...
Sorry if this is rude, but do I know you guys?
DELPHA: Right, you wouldn't recognize me now...
Hmmm....\| Let's try this.
Erick, don't you have something better to do than play with dolls all day?!
ERICK: Hey! They're limited edition Annie Mae action figu-
ADAM: Looks like that got him.
ERICK: B-Braixen?! Is that you?! You evolved!
DELPHA: It's good to see you, Erick. What are you doing back here?
ERICK: Well, I got a letter from Saki a few days ago telling me she needed my help with a project, soooo...
Here I am!
DELPHA: You got a letter? We got one as well...
ADAM: Something about Saki wanting help as well.
(And considering what happened on Route 7, I couldn't just leave this sitting aside...)
ERICK: Huh, that's kinda strange, isn't it?
VALARIE: Sorry for the bother, but is Saki Blakeory around?
ADAM: Val...
VALARIE: Um, I got a letter asking me to come here because Saki Blakeory-
DELPHA: Needed help with something?
VALARIE: Yes, that's exactly it! How did you know that?
ADAM: Call it a really accurate hunch.
ADAM: That was weird.
DELPHA: ...This energy. It's familiar.
VALARIE: I'm sorry, I'm not following...
DELPHA: The fountain! This energy is coming from the fountain!
ERICK: It's these guys again!
DELPHA: Adam!
ADAM: Don't have to tell me.
???: Enough of this. Kieran, we don't have time to play anymore.
KIERAN: Like a child growing up. Time to throw away the useless toys.
DELPHA: Erick, protect Valarie.
ERICK: You got it, boss!
ADAM: You did a number on us on Eclysia Pyramid. I want payback.
DELPHA: Feel my flames!
<ac>Four hours later...</ac>
RHODEA: What did you want from me?
SAKI: Ah, Rhodea! I'm glad you came.
RHODEA: Bold of you to invite someone who tried to kill you back into your own home.
Sorry for your loss, by the way.
...I wanted to talk to you about something.
First, I wanted to apologize for what my grandpa did to you.
I know my words don't mean much, but I just wanted to throw that out there.
RHODEA: Mhm.
SAKI: There's also the fact that... I've inherited Blakeory Co.
And since Cassandra is out of commission, there was a meeting to decide our next representatives.
RHODEA: Yes, I'm aware of such a meeting. What's your point?
SAKI: With Florin gone, there's no one else who can fulfill the position.
And I know you love this city because it was your father's dream.
RHODEA: So you want me to fulfill his wishes by becoming mayor?
SAKI: It was a suggestion that was highly considered at the meeting.
It needs my vote to go through, but I wanted to make sure you were okay with this--
RHODEA: I decline.
RHODEA: I cannot be the mayor! Nor do I have the energy or desire to be the mayor.
The people I would work for are just as corrupt as the previous leader they pulled up!
I appreciate the fact that you thought of me, but being in this city has brought me nothing but trouble.
I've already made plans to pack it up and get the hell out of here.
SAKI: Oh...
RHODEA: It was not fun. I hope we never see each other again, Saki Blakeory.
SAKI: ...Sigh.
That didn't go as I'd hoped.
Florin is actually being considered as the next standing mayor of GDC.
But he's going to need help with a lot of things.
Specifically the community management, and you know...
RHODEA: Me being the community manager would be a good fit.
SAKI: Yeah, it's my vote that decides whether or not you're actually considered.
But I wanted to make sure this was something you're interested in.
RHODEA: ...Working with Florin has always been good in the past.
But I don't know, Saki. Am I really up for the task?
SAKI: Ehh? Aelita?!
AELITA: Oh yeah, I made it just in time!
Rune's data has finally been extracted and looked through!
Rhodea, I've been looking everywhere for you!
RHODEA: ...For me?
AELITA: I was looking through everything and I noticed something.
When Ren and \PN were on our way to Eclysia Pyramid, we realized--
Actually, let me just show you.
AELITA: You can come in now!
HIPPOWDON: Hipooao!
RHODEA: ...You brought me a Hippowdon? I mean, it is my favorite Pokemon...
AELITA: Don't you recognize her?
Female Hippowdon with a a heart spot on its bum, hehe.
Doesn't that sound familiar?
RHODEA: No... That's not possible. It can't be...
\sh\c[7]Gloria?!
GLORIA: Hippoaoo!!!
RHODEA: B-But how?!
That was over 50 years ago!
AELITA: Turns out Gloria came into contact with Rift Matter and preserved itself within the ground.
Flora found her and dug her up. Then used her to mask Zone Zero in a harsh sandstorm.
When the data said this Hippowdon was yours, I got this gal, gave her a checkup and ran over here as fast as I could!
RHODEA: Gloria was a birthday gift from my father...
It's the last thing I have from him now. Oh Gloria...
I've missed you so much...
RHODEA: I'm sorry, I lost my tact there. You two shouldn't see me cry.
SAKI: Crying's the best, whaddya mean?
AELITA: I'm glad you and Gloria are united once again.
RHODEA: Yes... I believe this is a sign from my father.
Never give up, no matter how hard it gets out there.
So... Saki? I think I'll accept your offer.
SAKI: Hella, I'll let everyone know.
RHODEA: ...And I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused.
So many years of anger turned into a batch of endless hatred.
I should've realized how off I was being.
AELITA: What matters is that you pulled yourself out of it.
You're strong enough to do it. You've proven that.
RHODEA: Mm. I guess I'll be going now. I have a lot to prepare for.
Farewell.
SAKI: Aelita! You saved the day!
AELITA: I think I just showed up at the right time. Heh.
SAKI: Hey, take the credit when it's given to you!
AELITA: Alright, alright... If you say so.
AELITA: Oh, that's gotta be Erick! I told him to keep me posted on--
Gah!
SAKI: Wh-What is it?
AELITA: They found her in the lab!
SAKI: F-Found who?
AELITA: Crescent!
After everything... I'm just tired.
SAKI: This would be a good opportunity for you to look after the city.
You could turn it around with some time...
RHODEA: I appreciate the offer, but... I'm going to decline.
This city isn't my father's. It's Thomas Blakeory's.
RHODEA: That's where I stand on this.
I'll be leaving the city after this too. I just can't manage to stick around.
SAKI: I understand.
RHODEA: Sorry. Please excuse me.
SAKI: Sigh... That didn't go how I hoped it would.
SAKI: Eh?? Aelita? What are you doing here?
AELITA: Sorry for barging in, but Erick couldn't reach you and I was nearby.
We need to get downstairs immediately. They found her!
SAKI: ...Found who?
LAVENDER: Oh Huey... Sometimes you're just... a lot.
(But it's okay, I like you that way...)
LAVENDER: If you want, I'll do some research on this Platinum Component for you once I have free time!
But for now, you should speak with Saki Blakeory downstairs in the Cafeteria.
RUNE: You two seem to be very happy. How is your project coming along?
XARA: As well as we need it to! The Ligosomnia Engine is going to shatter the results at the competition.
JEAN: Don't you think Ligosomnia Engine is kind of a mouthful?
I still think "Dream Machine" gets the point across just fine.
XARA: Sure, it does, but it doesn't give it that pizazz it needs to be impressive.
RUNE: If it works, it'll be a hard project to defeat at the Top-Notch competition!
XARA: See Jean? It's in the bag. We just need it to work reliably now.
JEAN: Whatever you say.
RUNE: I'll be right back.
RUNE: Even hinting that I was considering voting for their project was a mistake.
I admit that much.
However, I had every intention of doing so. Mr. Blakeory on the other hand, had other ideas in mind.
RUNE: Oh, Mr. Blakeory...?
What can I do for you?
MR. BLAKEORY: It's come to my attention that the jury for the Top Notch competition is uneven this time around.
RUNE: Oh...? Is it?
MR. BLAKEORY: It has also come to my attention that the jury already seems split on deciding the winner!
Can you believe that? The competition hasn't even started yet!
RUNE: ...Where are you going with this, sir?
MR. BLAKEORY: Currently Sakitron and the "Ligosomnia Engine" are tied.
However, if you were to vote for Sakitron, that would break the tie.
RUNE: S-Sir, you can't be serious?
I'm not going to rig the results just so that--
MR. BLAKEORY: That's a shame... I thought after everything I've done for you...
Well, in that case, I suppose Huey's education doesn't matter to you.
RUNE: ...
RUNE: I did what he said, and Saki won the competition.
But as a result... I unleashed hell on our grounds.
One day, Risa stopped showing up to class.
Then another student stopped showing, and then another, and another...
But then all but Risa showed up, but this time, in the form of stone.
RUNE: Mr. Blakeory, students are disappearing left and right!
We can't just sit by and do nothing!
MR. BLAKEORY: It is a tragedy. A tragedy I condemn, but a tragedy nonetheless.
What more can we do but make the students feel safe at school?
RUNE: Mr. Blakeory!
How can you be so irresponsible?!
MR. BLAKEORY: Young woman, I offered you a position here because you were exemplary.
But if you keep this up I'm going to have to suspend you for a while.
MR. BLAKEORY: Listen, this is no job for a teacher such as yourself.
Just be calm, and leave this to the detectives.
RUNE: Leave it to the detectives, huh?
Fine then. I'll leave it to the detectives.
MR. BLAKEORY: As you should. Good day, Rune.
RUNE: I've had enough of being told to sit around and do nothing.
If Mr. Blakeory wanted me to leave it to the detectives, then I would fulfill his wish.
I dove all of my time into investigating this case and chased the culprit who dare endangered the students of GDC.
As long as I was alive, I would not stop. No matter what...
RUNE: That's what I genuinely believed. That was, until I received this letter in a red envelope.
RUNE: A warning note from the culprit.
The culprit knew who I was, and they knew that I was investigating the case.
I wouldn't take the chance, so I gathered up funds and went far away from GDC.
Teila Resort is isolated away from most of the region, and it didn't have the cold and harsh climate the Artrica Region suffered.
I didn't know how long we'd stay, but we had to leave the first chance we could.
After a long day, I decided to visit a nearby cave to cool down...
And then I heard a scream.
I ran towards the scream, and lo and behold...
It was none other than Saki Blakeory.
She had been attacked by the Legendary Pokemon, Kyogre.
Fortunately, I was able to subdue its anger and send it running...
SAKI: Hey, that was suuuuper cool! You must be really strong if taking out a Legendary Pokemon was that easy!
Oh, has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful red hair?
It actually reminds me of someone I knew back at school.
Who was it...? Hm... I dunno! Doesn't really matter anyway!
What's your name?
\c[6]My name is Freya.
SAKI: Freya, huh? That's a cool name! It means "fire", right?
Fiery, just like my friends Xara and Jean back at Axis High.
Xara's been soooo mad ever since she and Risa stopped talking to each other for a while.
RUNE: ...What did you just say?
SAKI: Ya, my friends Xara and Risa got into a big fight the other day.
The two stormed out of the classroom and they looked like STEAMED hams.
And now they're taking their anger out on me!
It's like Xara and Jean hate me for some reason, but I dunno why.
RUNE: ...I have to go. Be safe, Saki.
SAKI: Sure, but-- Hey! How did you know my name! Wait!
RUNE: Saki's words were exactly what I needed to put the puzzle together.
I gathered Huey, and we left the resort.
When we returned, I looked into Xara and Jean some more.
Their sudden disdain for Ms. Blakeory lined up when I realized that Saki had beat them in that competition way back.
Turns out they, too, were skeptical of the results and felt cheated.
I looked further into detail about the students that had been turned to stone.
Each of the students had one thing in common. They shared Saki's GPA.
That had been their M.O. the entire time. At this point I knew it was them.
I got up and decided to investigate myself until---
HUEY: You're going out again?
RUNE: Huey...
HUEY: You're always going out so late at night, Rune.
What are you doing?
RUNE: Huey... I promise I'm going to explain everything to you when--
HUEY: ...It was my birthday yesterday.
RUNE: ...!
HUEY: You didn't even come home yesterday.
RUNE: Huey, I'm so... I'm so sorry.
HUEY: You don't even talk to me anymore... Rune, do... Do you hate me?
RUNE: Huey, how could you say that?!
HUEY: You and I haven't even spoken more than one thing in more than a month!
Even when we went on that vacation to Terajuma, you barely said anything!!
All you do is wander off and leave me alone by myself...
Why?!
I'm sorry, Huey. I have to go now.
HUEY: Rune... I... I hate you.
\shRUNE: Risa?!
RUNE: Xara... Jean... Why?
XARA: You pushed us to this!
We gave you a warning and you didn't listen...
Mrs. Rune, I respect you a lot as my teacher, but you've crossed a line.
RUNE: I crossed a line?! Me?! Look at you two!
Attacking students and turning them into stone...
And then poor Risa... Oh god, Risa...
JEAN: Everything we've done up to this point has been FOR Risa.
And your life will be a sacrifice to her as well.
RUNE: A s-sacrifice?! What are you going to do with me?!
XARA: The Ligosomnia Engine project must succeed.
I need... I need to see Risa once more. Sorry, teacher.
RUNE: Xara... Jean!
\shSTOP!!
\shPLEASE!
\shHUEY--
RUNE: ...?
Where am I?
I feel... weightless.
XARA: She's dead.
RUNE: H-Huh? Is that Xara?
JEAN: The upload failed.
XARA: We'll just carry on and find another test subject and try again.
XARA: Rune is nothing but stone now. But we can't let her out.
Destroy her body and dispose of it.
JEAN: ...Got it.
RUNE: Stop! The experiment didn't fail! I'm not dead!
Xara! Jean! Please, can't you hear me?
Can't... Can't you hear me...?
No... They're gone...
RUNE: Haha....Hahahah....Hahahahaha!
Did I really think I could change anything?! Why was I being so foolish?!
Now I'm stuck here in this digital space. Forever.
Alone. Forever.
This is my punishment for failure, isn't it? This is my hell.
I deserve this.
I'm so sorry everyone. I'm sorry Flora. I'm sorry, Huey.
Please... Forgive me.
RUNE: ...Huh?
RUNE: ...What?
RUNE: What is...?
...!
RUNE: Clear and Kieran had no idea of my existence and began uploading their data into the system!
Because my mind had been integrated into the engine, everything began to flow inside of my mind.
I learned about Melia, Venam, Kenneth, Taelia, Team Xen, Zetta...
The Interceptor!
All this information at my fingertips...
Underneath it all was a harrowing truth.
Team Xen's plan to destroy everything with Storm-9...
The imminent threat of the Xenpurgis on Grand Dream City...
I knew I had to do something. No matter what, I had to be the one to change fate.
My inhibitions and my emotional ties to the world would hold me back...
So I purposefully corrupted my data and created another self.
The Puppet Master.
The wrong people had been pulling the strings for far too long.
I created the Nightmare City and awaited the day \PN would enter Grand Dream City.
Simply relaying information to the Interceptor would not be beneficial.
They had to grow, and prepare themselves before they were ready to learn who they were.
But not just them, I needed to awaken Melia, Erin, Alice and Allen.
For death was the only way to awaken the fragments of the Archetype within' them.
I appeared to Hazuki and Thomas Blakeory in their dreams and gained their help in exchange for information on Mr. Blakeory.
I relayed information to Thomas Blakeory, and he placed them in boxes where I instructed him to do so.
In the meantime, Hazuki helped me prepare the School of Nightmares.
And thus, began my fight against Clear and Kieran...
...Locked?
HAZUKI: Hohoho... So, the game is about to start.
For whom the bell tolls... Perhaps, it's already done so.
Anju, Nymiera... I will bring you all justice.
STUDENT: Ms. Hazuki? Examinations are about to begin.
Principal Blakeory asked me to tell you that he requires you in his office.
HAZUKI: I see... Thank you, dear. Good luck with your exams.
STUDENT: Thank you, Ma'am.
HAZUKI: For whom the bell tolls. For whom the bell tolls.
Wowww, you mean Saki got the Hall of Fame spot for this year?
Wow, didn't see that coming. Wow, that's so amazing. Wow.
Can you believe it? Ms. Erable sent me to the Principal's office for chewing gum!
People are out here suffering in the Badlands and this is what the school is worrying about?
Talk about trash priorities!
HUEY: Aw... Lavender, you know I'm not good at Rock, Paper, Scissors!
Can't we just talk about Captain Annie Mae?
LAVENDER: Huey, you're bad at it because all you do is pick "Rock".
HUEY: Yeaaahhh...
LAVENDER: ...! Oh, um, Huey, I think you have a friend.
HUEY: Oi?
HUEY: OH! It's \PN! Did you enroll in classes here too?!
LAVENDER: Oh Huey... I doubt that. They're probably here to visit you!
HUEY: Heh, I knew it! \PN is always comin' in clutch for their bros!
LAVENDER: That just goes to show \PN's loyalty! Oh my!
HUEY: I can always count on \PN of course!
LAVENDER: Aw, sorry Huey. \PN couldn't play it off.
HUEY: Aww... Well, at least \PN is honest.
LAVENDER: Dang... You're so harsh, \PN... Could've at least told a white lie...
HUEY: That was SO mean... Hmph!
LAVENDER: It's okay. We'll get some nice food after finals to make you feel better, kay?
HUEY: Hm... Yeah, that sounds good!
HUEY: Reina's at home. She said she loves us but she was seriously needing "me time".
Then she said that I would benefit from having alone time with Lavender for a change.
LAVENDER: Wh-What is that supposed to mean?! I'm... I'm so embarrassed...
L-Let's change the subject! Yes, that sounds good.
HUEY: ...?
LAVENDER: Anyway, what really brings you to the school, \PN?
LAVENDER: The Platinum Component? Can't say I've heard of it before...
If it's in the school somewhere, maybe Saki Blakeory might know?
HUEY: Uh.... Oh yeah... Weren't you looking for her, \PN?
Oops, it's been so long that I sorta forgot. But uh...
Last I heard, Saki was in the Cafeteria downstairs.
Lavender's right. If anyone knows where this component is, it's Saki.
Her family owns the school, and her Gym is even in the basement area.
LAVENDER: Saki's in the Cafeteria last I heard.
She was eating noodles very, um, energetically.
Saki's family owns the school and the grounds.
She even has her Gym located in the basement, so... I'm sure she knows the floor plan of the school.
Good luck!
HUEY: I think Saki is in the Cafeteria. She should know somethin'.
Lavender and I have a final soon so we're gonna chill until then.
"Saki Blakeory | Top Expected Graduate Year 20XX Specialty - Steel-type Pokemon Trainer/Robotics/ Engineering/Programming.
Saki Blakeory is the granddaughter of the Principal, Thomas Blakeory Sr.
She has a plethora of skills that have placed her at the top of her class.
While juggling her studies, she works part-time as Aevium's Steel-type Gym Leader.
Upon Graduation, she is expected to take the family business, Blakeory Co. and bring the family name to an even brighter future."
Retrieve the Diamond Component?
Retrieve the Pearl Component?
Retrieve the Platinum Component?
Welcome to the Pathways.
The group will be split up into three, and as such, three routes have been created.
The first two routes can be completed in any order, but both routes are required to proceed on to the third and final route.
Also, once started, they cannot be interrupted.
Continue?
Super cool of the school to have rent-able dorms on campus. Just in case any of us need the space.
It's one room per student, so don't get any wrong ideas!
RISA: Ohmigosh, it's \PN! Quick, let's 2v2 real fast!
Come on, it's part of our rule, remember? Every time we meet we need to battle!
We didn't have our spar at the Pyramid because that was kinda important, so...
C'mon, just choose something already!
*Please choose two Pokemon to participate.*
Oh come on! Eat shit! I had that!
RISA: Shit! I lost! \| That brings my amount of wins to...\|\v[683].
I haven't won a single match so far? Something's gotta be wrong here.
Oh well...
At least I won once. That's enough for me. I'm a goddess.
RISA: Bam! There you have it. I win fair and square.
Maybe next time muchacho.
AMBER: If you're done wasting our time I'd like to ask you to keep it moving.
SAKI: Those are my friends, Amber! Don't be rude!
RISA: Yas queen! Saki Blakeory is my all time bestie-- With Jean, of course.
Who, omigosh, I don't think you guys met before!!
But here he is! He's my bestie, along with being my musical producer!
JEAN: 'Tis a pleasure. Meeting new people is always fun.
RISA: Ahem, now that we're here... Saki, can we get going?
SAKI: Yeah sure. I was getting bored here anyway.
AMBER: Before that.
RISA: N-Nyahh!
AMBER: Saki, do you know this girl? Seem familiar at all?
AELITA: Anything at all?
SAKI: Hm...\| Wait a minute...
AELITA: ...! ...?
AMBER: ...!
RISA: ...~!
JEAN: ...?
SAKI: ...!!!
\PN: ... ... ...
SAKI: You're that girl from the cupcake commercial, right!?
Yeah! You're the one who says "Grab your cups, grab your cakes, everyone come around and make cupcakes!"
I'm like your biggest fan, dude! I love your cupcakes!
AMBER: Goddamnit! never mind, just go do whatever you were gonna do.
SAKI: K. See ya Ambitch. Bye \PN! Bye eggplant head!
AELITA: Hey! Don't call me an eggplant head!
AMBER: It's pointless. She doesn't remember anything from Terajuma, or Blairewitch Tower.
AELITA: ...Blacksteeple Castle.
AMBER: Tomato tomahto.
AELITA: Argh, this is wacky though. Valarie and Adam had WAY different personas.
But Saki seems the same, minus the memory loss.
AMBER: Maybe an Oranguru beat the brains out of her when she was a child?
Evidence: Saki lacks one.
AELITA: Wow, that's brutal. Kinda gruesome to think about...
AMBER: Don't think about it too hard. It was just a low effort joke.
That aside. I wanna know what you two are looking for.
\PN wouldn't spill the beans earlier and I'm a persistent girl.
AELITA: Okay, we'll tell you.
AMBER: Errr! Wrong answer. Now you-
Wait, what? You're actually gonna tell me?!
AELITA: Yeah, of course! I trust you.
AMBER: R-Really? You trust me? Do you mean that?
AELITA: Yeah, I do! What about you \PN?
AMBER: Let's get this done.
What are we looking for then?
AELITA: \PN... Don't be so rude!
AMBER: It's...\| fine. It just means that I need to work a little harder.
But I still wanna help. Let me prove myself!
AELITA: We can definitely do that. That's a fair compromise.
\PN: ...
AELITA: Uh huh... Anyway, we're looking for something called the Platinum Component.
The big problem we have is that we don't exactly know what it looks like.
However, what we do have are X and Y coordinates of it.
AMBER: And that led you to this school, right?
AELITA: Yup.
AMBER: Lemme take a look at those coordinates. I wanna get a general location of where it is in the school.
AMBER: Kay, so we're definitely near it, but we gotta go just slightly north.
Probably by the fountain just straight of the entrance. Let's go investigate, team!
AELITA: Wow, Amber's gotten so hyper! We can't let this flame die!
Let's go to that fountain!
It's me!
You don't remember?
I'm Mildred Mcanny.
I noticed.
She's lying.
Huh?
Yes
No
Looking at something?
What's this?
Good morning...?
You're up early!
Should we go too?
So...
Can't say...
Looking for Saki.
New outfit!
That's right!
Uh....
Not really, no.
Where's Reina?
Saki Blakeory?!
Where is Saki?
I trust you!
Uh...
[Map421]
NASTASIA: This is where we are currently. The Grand Dream Stadium.
Our destination is all the way north from here.
This point marks the location of Eclysia Pyramid.
Which is our ultimate destination, but unfortunately, not our only one.
The path to the pyramid is currently in the control of Bladestar.
And somehow Bladestar was able to sneak into our labs and steal a vial of Rift Matter.
Using that Rift Matter, they've created their own Rift Being capable of keeping us out of the area.
The sandstorm it's able to produce will just send our ship flying into earth with incredible speed.
It's inconvenient, but it brings our first destination to all the way down here, just north of Alamissa.
This marks the beginning of an area known as Zone Zero.
HUEY: Aw man, are we gonna have to walk all the way there?
NASTASIA: If it's what we have to do, then yes, but I have a different plan.
From this point, we'll separate the team into groups.
Team A will consist of Ren, \PN, and Aelita. Team B, Rhodea, Huey, and Reina.
Team C, Adam, Sharon and Eli. Braixen can join as well, but that's optional.
At our first destination, we will drop off Team A to look for and destroy the Rift.
Their mission will be to find the Rift Bladestar created and destroy it.
Team B will follow behind them to make sure we haven't skipped over anything.
ADAM: What about Team C, yo? What's our job?
NASTASIA: Ah yes, Team C. I've created this very special and important role for the three of you specifically.
Your job is to not do anything dumb and stay on standby in the event of one team failing their mission.
ADAM: ...
NASTASIA: Hmph.
Once the Rift is destroyed, Team A will continue on and Team B and C will regroup back to the airship.
We'll regroup and rendezvous with Team A at the Pyramid.
ELDEST: Currently, this is where we are. The Spring of Purification, Sheridan Village.
Akuwa Town, your final destination, is up north.\| Right about here.
AELITA: Huh? The path looks isolated. How do we make our way up there?
ELDEST: Once upon a time, you could take the train from East Gearen City, but that line no longer exists.
Nowadays, I hear that there's a way you can get to Route 4 from Goldenleaf Town.
ELDEST: Goldenleaf Town is down this way.
From Sheridan, you'll need to make your way through Route 3.
Route 3's a straight shot, so you shouldn't have any trouble getting there.
AELITA: Got it! We'll get there without any problems!
CONDUCTOR: \ts[1]Allllllll aboard!!\| We're off to Grand Dream City!
CONDUCTOR: We're in transit! Hope you enjoy your time aboard the Grand Dream Express!
And always remember to choo choo your food! You'll choke if you don't!
Chugga, chugga, choo-choo!!!
CONDUCTOR: We're heading out of the Marine tubes!
We should reach Grand Dream City very shortly! Choo choo!
CONDUCTOR: Wuh-oh! Wuh-oh!\| Bad!\| That doesn't sound good!
Oh boy!\| Looks like we've been stopped in our tracks!\| Wuh-oh!
CONDUCTOR: The tracks were fixed! That means we can be on our way now!
Grand Dream City is on the horizon! All aboard!
CONDUCTOR: We did it! We did it! We made it to Grand Dream City!
CONDUCTOR: Thank you for riding the Grand Dream Express!
We hope to see you again! Until then, toodle toodle loo!!!
[Map422]
KAREN: This is the end of the road.
Nothing of the castle is left. Just this giant tower.
King Ieisel performed his rituals up here. In front of the pit there in front of you.
Upon being sacrificed, their body would be thrown through the pit and the ceremony would be complete.
The material that's placed into the Crest would rise and present itself.
KAREN: It's also... The same place where I failed to create a crest.
Because I was inexperienced, rash, and stupid, I lost a part of me that I can never get back.
KAREN: You know, I thought for a while that you were trying to set me up, \PN.
But on further investigation, I've come to the conclusion that there's only one person who could've done this.
Someone who knew about the existence of this castle...
Someone who is also of Garufan descent.\|\c[6] Like you, Karrina.
KARRINA: Yeah, someone like me.
KAREN: How'd you find out about this place?
KARRINA: I've done some digging. The informant in Sashila is quite knowledgeable.
They got some of their intel wrong, but overall it was enough for me to put two and two together.
KAREN: I see... And what about Team AA?
KARRINA: You know, for an organization to be so hell-bent on not helping, they sure were eager to.
After I paid them, of course.
KAREN: You took something from me.
KARRINA: You took something from me too. Something I can't get back.
KAREN: You know I didn't mean to do that. I wasn't in the right frame of mind.
KARRINA: I don't care what you were. You're responsible for everything you've done to me and my parents.
KAREN: I don't know what you expect me to do? I've apologized to you before.
But you won't move on. The only one responsible for that is you.
KARRINA: It doesn't matter anymore. I came here to seal the deal.
And don't think I haven't caught on to your little scheme.
You never suspected \PN. You knew it was me from the beginning.
You just brought them here in hopes I would back down.
KAREN: Hah... Was it that obvious then?\| I'm sorry, \PN. It's true.
KARRINA: Just stop fooling yourself already. You're not sorry. You never were.
You continue to pull others into your schemes so that you can get what you want.
Well no more, I'm going to put an end to this selfish woman.
KAREN: Oh really? For someone who really hates me, you've seem to have forgotten who I am.
I am Karen, of the Elite Eight. I'm not going to just lay my life down to you.
KAREN: Go on, make the first move then. I'll at least allow you that handicap.
KAREN: A little too slow.
KAREN: If you want to hit your opponent, maybe stop being so telegraphic with your movements?
Here, I'll give you another shot. C'mon now.
KARRINA: Don't look down on me!
KAREN: You're a slow learner. Unfortunate.
I don't want to fight you. Just give me what I want and we'll both walk away happy as can be.
KARRINA: I won't be happy. I'll never be happy. It's all your fault!
KAREN: I've said my piece already. If you don't-
KAREN: Cutting me off mid sentence?\| Rude...\| But it's effective.
KARRINA: Shut up!
KAREN: You're the one talking m'dear. Maybe you should just-
KAREN: I will say, that was an excellent move. Too bad it didn't accomplish anything.
I'm starting to get irritated. Give me back my Diancie, and my Mega Ring. Now.
KARRINA: I'm not backing down.
KAREN: Very well then. I don't need to harm you to win.
KAREN: We're on the second level now.
Being up here always makes me sad. This castle used to be far larger once upon a time.
But the cruel mistress of time has not been kind to this humble castle.
I believe about 80% of the castle already fell into the depths below.
KARRINA: Why won't you fight back?! Just fight back already!
KAREN: Now, I don't know if it's just me, but I feel like I've hurt you enough already.
I can stand here and dodge attacks all day. As long as it gets your stubbornness out of your system.
KARRINA: I don't need you to patronize me... What I need is for you to finally face me!
KAREN: *Sigh*... Some people just can't let go of the past...
KAREN: That Claydol Crest has been here for centuries.
I don't own a Claydol so I never had any use for it, but maybe you will?
Considering how these things are made, it'd be nice if it were you who took care of these lost souls.
KAREN: Ah, \PN. Lovely to see you again. I'm just here... Dealing with this girl.
KARRINA: This isn't a one sided argument. You're part of this.
KAREN: I apologized. I tried to do the right thing, but you won't let it go.
KARRINA: You KILLED my parents! In FRONT of me.
KAREN: Well... It sounds bad when you say it like that.
But again, I wasn't me. Not to say that I'm not responsible, but really?
You've gone through this much work? Just to kill someone else? How does that make you any better than me?
KARRINA: It's about retribution. My parents need to be avenged.
KAREN: Then try to avenge them with revenge.
I'm sure being a killer is exactly what your parents would've wanted.
KARRINA: You may be able to swiftly dodge my attacks now, but that sanity of yours won't hold up for long.
That spell I used to "cure" you was only temporary.
I wonder how well you'll dodge attacks then?
KAREN: I have a friend here to help me, remember?
KARRINA: What? \PN? You're throwing \PN under the bus again?
After all this time you're still just using them.
KAREN: I'm not using \PN. They could've left at any point.
I told them what their point was here from the moment we walked in.
KARRINA: They're probably just in it because they know they'll get a reward.
I respect it, but if they're going to get in the way, then I'll be a nuisance too.
I don't even know what to say...
KARRINA: I lost...\| I've trained so hard for this moment... Just to lose to \PN.
KAREN: I can't believe you actually kept both of the things you took from me on you.
I'll just take those...
KAREN: Alright, I got what I wanted. So I'm going to take my leave.
KARRINA: Wait!
KAREN: ...?
KARRINA: You don't even care... You walk around as if you're not guilty.
You said you gave me an apology, but you never consider how I might feel!
I saw the people I loved die in front of me by your hands!
Do you know what that feels like?
KAREN: ...I
KARRINA: You don't because you've never been in a position of suffering.
KAREN: You don't even begin to understand what I've been through-- What I've seen!
You know why I don't treat you like an adult? Because you act like a child.
I've done so many things to try and help this world, but you know where that got me?
Right fuckin' here. Talking to some child that won't move on.
KARRINA: ...
...I understand now.
KAREN: What?
KARRINA: You know exactly how I'm feeling. You've been in this situation before.
You've seen your parents die in front of you. You swore that you would get revenge on the ones who did it.
I have to move on so that I can become happy... but that's not the reason you want me to move on.
You want me to move on because If I don't I'll keep reminding you of your mistake.
KAREN: You don't know jack shit about-
KARRINA: You did something you never wished upon anyone. The horror of losing a loved one while being totally helpless.
That's what started this all, right? Your attempt at making a crest that ended up in failure...
You wanted to get stronger so that this would never happen again...
Little did you know, that very sense of revenge is what lead you to do the very same crime you've suffered from.
KAREN: Stop...
KARRINA: You hypocrite.\| You can't even move on yourself.
Yet you have the gall to tell me to do so?!
You're pathetic.
KAREN: ...
KARRINA: Weak until the very end.
Just what I thought.
KAREN: Little Dove...\| But why?
KARRINA: I had her and you interrupted me! Why are you protecting her?!
Fuck this, I give up.
KAREN: Huh...?
KARRINA: I won't be a murderous hag like you. I'm going to be better.
From this moment on, I'm through with you.
This was my victory, and your defeat. I've avenged my parents.
KARRINA: But just know that one day...\| I'm going to defeat you myself.
I won't kill you, but I will make you feel humiliation.
Killing you would just set you free from your problems.
The greatest punishment is having to live with them, and I won't live with your blood on my hands.
So I'm gone.
I see...\| I guess she's not a child after all. The only child here was me.
KAREN: Do you remember when you found me unconscious in Alamissa?
You should go back. I think you'll notice that a certain gated door has been opened.
I'd like some time by myself before... The other Karen surfaces.
But I want to thank you for intervening. I fully accepted my death at the time.
But now that I'm alive, I don't want to die just yet.
I've lost my way...\| I have to remember why I want to be stronger.
Celine... I'm sorry I've been such a failure. I won't let this be my legacy.
KAREN: I'll see you again soon, \PN.
KAREN:\ts[1] If you think this makes you strong, you're wrong.
\ts[1]In fact, it makes you... just like me.\| Weak.
\ts[1]L-Little Dove... I'm... Sorry... Thanks for... being there... for me.
KARRINA: No, it makes me strong because I could do what you couldn't.
Hahaha...Hahaha...\| I've done it.
My purpose... Everything I've trained so hard for... It's complete.
Mother... Father... I've done this for you. Rest in peace.
KARRINA: \PN... You could've stopped me, but you didn't.
Thank you for letting me settle this on my own. I needed it.
There's one last thing I have to do.
KARRINA: I feel like it's only fitting... That we send her off in the way she would've wanted.
Karen... Goodbye.
KARRINA: And that's that.
Push Karrina?
KARRINA: Wh-What are you doing?\| W-WAIT!
KARRINA: Kyaaaaaaaahhh!!!!
...
KARRINA: We should leave. I'm heading back to Gearen and...
Who knows what else? I feel relieved that I've accomplished what I've always wanted.
I'll make sure people like Karen get the justice they deserve.
Here, please take this.
KARRINA: That's the other Mega Stone I found in the Hidden Library.
I don't need it. So why don't you take it?
See you again, \PN. Thanks again.
KAREN: A long time ago an old friend of mine asked me to find a Torterra Crest for his own Torterra.
I never did bring him one, though. We grew distant.
If you have a Torterra, I'm sure they would feel invigorated to wear this Crest.
If a large chunk of this castle fell into the abyss... Does that mean this castle be nothing soon?
I don't want to fall into this pit of despair!
GRUNT: What am I going to do? I don't want to fall into the pit!
???: So, you were able to do it after all? That does make things interesting.
KAREN: Welcome to Castle Zygara. The long lost castle of King Ieisel.
Ruin Maniacs have been trying to locate this place for centuries, but they couldn't find any trace of it.
It's almost laughable how incompetent people are sometimes, but for every genius, there's an idiot.
Besides, even if they found this place, they wouldn't know how to enter it.
How about you and I take a little stroll through this place?
There's something I'd like to show you.
Choice 1
Choice 2
Yes
No
[Map423]
Whoa man, it's me! The one with the help request!
Holy crap, you stole it?! Too metal!
You must've went through hell to get this thing, so you know what?
Here, you deserve this.
It's the least I could do for all of your troubles.
Thanks, bro!
"Get an Item" help request completed.
Thanks for everything. I'll just take that off your hands.
I left the reward in the help center.
See ya!
TRUCKGUY: Hey, need a lift?
TRUCKGUY: It's peaceful here. I'll be waiting here if you need me.
TRUCKGUY: Sorry, but I'm stuck here until that incident and East Gearen is taken care of.
TRUCKGUY: I can drive you to Goldenleaf now. I don't wanna go, but I'll do it for you.
TRUCKGUY: Happy trails.
TRUCKGUY: Lemme guess... You need my help? I'm always here for it.
TRUCKGUY: See ya soon.
TRUCKGUY: Where to?
TRUCKGUY: See ya around, traveller.
TRUCKGUY: The world's always changin'. Just like how I'm always here to help.
TRUCKGUY: I'm here when you need me.
AELITA: Even though I've lived in this village for all my life, I've never seen what's behind this gate.
This is new territory for me too!
I came from Johto so that I could train in a different style.
My grandma from Ecruteak is counting on me! I want her to live the best life she can!
I doubted Sensei when he was in his darkest moments.
Perhaps he gave into that darkness because of me...
NOVAE: \PN! I'm glad to see you again. Are you the one who accepted my request?
I really appreciate this, \PN.
NOVAE: Um... This is really weird, but do you mind if we just hang out here for a bit?
I've been in a slump lately. I would appreciate some calm time.
NOVAE: \PN why are you on this journey? Do you know why?\|
NOVAE: To find someone? I see... I'm sorry you have to look for someone in the first place.
NOVAE: Really? To become strong? That's why I'm out here as well!
NOVAE: Avenge a friend...? You know someone who needs to be avenged?
I'm so sorry things have come to that.
NOVAE: Hm... I see... To become famous? I suppose I can see the benefit in that.
Personally I don't think I want that kind of life.
Okay, I think I've heard everything I need to hear.
I think I'm ready to have our battle.
???: Oh no honey. Not with that attitude.
NOVAE: Oh? Who are you?
RORIM: Darling, it's been so long! Far, far too long! \PN!
Now, now, what is your name my white haired darling?
NOVAE: It's Novae... But again, who are you?
RORIM: Who am I? Who. Am. I? Darling...
I am the fabulous and pristine Rorim B. Please do not forget it.
traveling the world and spreading dance and happiness with my troupe is just what I do, yes?
Clearly you are unhappy. Is this true?
NOVAE: I...
I guess it was obvious then...
RORIM: Obvious? Honey, it's written all over your face.
What's the issue? C'mon you can tell us.
NOVAE: Well, it's just that my training hasn't been going very well.
I've been winning most of my battles. I have around a 75% win rate, but...
I dunno, something just feels off... I feel like I'm doing something wrong.
RORIM: This does sound very serious... Alright then honey, it's decided.
Rorim Troupe, you know what to do!
NOVAE: Um... I don't underst-
NOVAE: What... What is this feeling? I feel so much better!
RORIM: But of course, darling. That is the power of dance!
RORIM: Now, Novae... Let's team up, okay?
NOVAE: Team up?
RORIM: Getting strong also means being able to fight alongside others.
Being strong on your own is fine, but cooperating with people is important too!
So what do you say?
NOVAE: I suppose that's fine... What you said makes sense!
RORIM: Aiiiiiiyyy!! Yesss, just what I like to hear!
RORIM: This isn't what you expected right, \PN?
But things like this happen! Life is spicy!
So let's get this party started and rock and roll!
Aiiiy!! Even in defeat I'm still shakin' my bootay!
I guess I wasn't strong enough again... But at least it was fun.
RORIM: Ahh, so spicy! Yesss, a worthy loss indeed.
NOVAE: You're not upset by losing?
RORIM: But of course not! There's nothing to gain from winning all the time.
When you lose, you learn. Why did you lose? The answer is there.
But when you win, and win, and win some more... You don't learn anything! Stagnate!
NOVAE: I see... I understand what you're saying, Rorim.
Thank you for your wisdom. I truly think I've learned something here today.
RORIM: Aiiiy, so wholesome! You're very welcome, Novae.
And thank you, \PN. Thank you for being here for Novae.
RORIM: For now, I have a date with a bed at the Cherry Blossom Inn~!
Goodnight everyone!
NOVAE: Thank you, \PN. That battle was insightful.
I think after a night here at the Inn, I'm going to move on from this island.
Perhaps we'll see each other in the future? I know I'll want to spar with someone then.
Goodnight, \PN.
Novae's request has been completed with the help of Rorim B. and \PN!
SAWK: Saww!
Do you even know the Sensei?
Your skills must speak to him telepathically!
You can definitely get him to come out of his shell.
AELITA: Oh no, Eldest! Are you okay?! You aren't hurt are you?
ELDEST: Hohoho... As aggressive as it was, it was fun.
I am unharmed, and everything is fine.
AELITA: Oh Eldest... I'm glad you're okay.
Texen... I'll get him for what he did to you. How can someone like him be Sensei!
ELDEST: You aren't going to like this, but I was the one who approved his position.
AELITA: Eldest, you agreed?!\|
AELITA: Yeah, Eldest? Why would you approve him?!
AELITA: It most certainly isn't a good decision!
Someone as gross-hearted as that kid can go take a hike up Valor Mountain himself!
ELDEST: No one else fit the bill for the position. Please, have faith in my choice.
AELITA: I... I can't. I just can't.
What about you? Do you stand by this decision after he pushed you like that?
ELDEST: Aelita, please...
AELITA: ...Sigh, we're going to have a long talk, but for now I gotta set this aside.
Have you ever heard of the "Garufa"?
ELDEST: Aelita, where did you hear about the Garufans?!
AELITA: So you do know! Good! \PN and I found a Garufan settlement inside of Carotos.
We need you to come with us!
ELDEST: Absolutely not! I refuse to go!
AELITA: Eldest, you're being super stubborn today and I don't know why.
ELDEST: The Garufans are known to dabble with the dark arts!
Disaster is imminent for all those who delve into that evil magic.
AELITA: Lemme guess, this is to "protect" me, right?
ELDEST: That's correct.
AELITA: Eldest... I'm tired of you using that as an excuse for everything.
Even though Texen is the Sensei right now, I'm going to be in that position someday!
And there will be a point where you won't be there to "protect' me anymore!
You have to let me grow on my own! This is important!
ELDEST: ...You sounded like her just then. Almost exactly the same.
AELITA: Eh?
ELDEST: No, it's nothing. Aelita, you're right.
There are many things in this world you're ignorant about, but you must learn about them eventually.
Take me then. Show me the way.
AELITA: Eldest...! Thank you! You won't regret it!
ELDEST: After you.
ELDEST: Fine, we shall go on our way. Meet us there.
Ah, it's you!
We were raising your Pokmon, and my goodness, were we surprised!
Your Pokmon was holding an Egg!
We don't know how it got there, but your Pokmon had it.
You do want it, don't you?
You have no room for it right now... Come back when you've made room.
\PN received the Egg from the Day-Care Man.
You take good care of it.
I really will keep it. You do want this Egg, yes?
Well all right then, I'll take it. Thank you.
That is, I don't think we'll ever find another...
No, no, I'm sure we'll find another one. I'm definitely sure of it!
I'm the Day-Care Man.
I help take care of the precious Pokmon of trainers.
Any Pokmon you'd like to have raised you can leave in my wife's care.
Ah, it's you!\nGood to see you!
Your \v[3] is doing just fine.
Your \v[3] and \v[4] are doing just fine.
The two play with other Pokmon rather than with each other...
The two don't seem to like each other much.
The two seem to get along.
The two seem to get along very well.
THROH: Thhhroo!
AGENT: Well, I guess that settles that. I'm gonna head back to PokeStar Studios.
If you're ever in Grand Dream City, you should visit. Ciao!
GIRL: Hmph!
Throh is waiting patiently for your next move.
???: It's hopeless, Eldest. Things are just too broken.
It's been like this for an entire year, but now it's getting far worse.
He won't come out to eat-- Heck, he won't come out of his house in general.
Staying inside all day isn't healthy. He's neglecting all of his duties!
ELDEST: I'm sure the Sensei has his reasons. He's lived... a complicated life.
Something that only he can understand, but-
AELITA: Sheridan Village is a place of community!
We're here for him. I'm here for him... Why won't he just trust me?
It's been said time and time again that if the leader of Sheridan Village isn't in sync with his people...\| It'll fall.
ELDEST: In all my time in this village, this has happened once before.
And even through that dark hour, we rose victorious in the end. Standing strong.
So please believe me when I say things are going to be alright.
AELITA: Okay, I'll put my faith in you, Eldest.
For now, the Inn needs me. I'll head back now.
ELDEST: As you wish.
ELDEST: Oh dear...
ELDEST: ...?!
ELDEST: (So... They've finally made their way to this village. This is where it will all begin...)
ELDEST: Oh, please excuse my rude disposition. I was just... taken aback.
Welcome to Sheridan Village. If you're looking for a place to stay, I run the Inn just north-east of here.
Good day to you.
"The Cherry Blossom Inn! Come on Inn!".
ELDEST: Please enjoy what Sheridan Village has to offer.
If you need a place to stay, please consider the Cherry Blossom Inn!
ELDEST: I wish Keta would stop sulking and just talk to me.
What is going through his mind right now?
ELDEST: \PN, you are welcome here. Please enjoy your rest tonight.
ELDEST: That certainly was an experience... Can't say that was the first time, though.
I left my darling Pokemon with the Day Care Couple.
I don't have the skill to train my own Pokemon, so they do it for me!
GIRL: No. Way! Don't tell me that these are <i>the</i> Sawkie and Throggo from the show Pummel Bros?!
AGENT: Yes, these two would just happen to be those very same Sawk and Throh.
Sawkie and Throggo aren't interested in being superstars at Pokestar Studios anymore, so...
I've been directed to bring these two to Sheridan Village in search of suitable trainers for both of them.
GIRL: W-Wait, if you're giving them away, th-then does that mean the show's cancelled?!
AGENT: Of course not. We've already found suitable replacements.
These two don't look any different than any other Sawk and Throh, so it's no big deal.
GIRL: C-Can... Can I have them? I mean, to train!
AGENT: Um, sure... At least, that's what I'd like to say, but it looks like you have some competition.
GIRL: C-Competition?! Who?!
GIRL: Surely you can't mean this person? Really?
I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to find better times to show up! I got here first!
If you don't wanna leave, then I guess we'll battle for it! Here I go!
W-Wah?! But, but they were supposed to be MINE!
GIRL: Oh... you...! You're the worst!
AGENT: Alright, I think I've seen enough.
I think you both displayed attributes worthy of owning both Sawkie and Throggo.
So I guess I'll be giving both of you one of them!
GIRL: B-But... I wanted both...
AGENT: Sorry, but that's just how things are going to be!
Throggo seems more interested in that other trainer, so I'll give it to them.
THROGGO: Throoogh!
AGENT: Of course, I won't just give it to you.
You've proven your worth to me, but you still gotta prove yourself to Throggo.
Whenever you're ready, Throggo will be waiting.
GIRL: Just hurry up and catch it already!
AELITA: \PN! I hope the Inn was to your liking.
The Eldest and I work hard to make sure it's comfortable for all our guests!
Anyway, we should make our way to Sensei's house as soon as possible...
I'll meet you in front of his house.
Sheridan Village is the perfect place to retire.
There is a feeling of unity in this place that you simply can't get anywhere else.
Family is what matters here more than anything else.
Hey, you're that kid that helped me before!
Listen, I think I've found possible locations for the library.
There are three locations.
1. Underneath the Chrisola Hotel. 2. Underneath the largest fountain in Gearen. 3. Underneath Dr. Jenkel's factory.
By studying the way the land shifted during the catastrophe, I've concluded that it's impossible for it to be submerged.
It is most definitely somewhere underneath these three places.
I'll need you to investigate these areas immediately!
1.Underneath the Chrisola Hotel. 2.Underneath the largest fountain in Gearen. 3.Underneath Dr. Jenkel's factory.
YOU FOUND THE LIBRARY?!
This is a breakthrough! I can't contain my glee-
Wait a minute, that book... is that from the library?!
You have to let me have that!
Oh thank you so much, \PN!
Of course I won't just let you give that to me for nothing. Here, have this.
While on my trip to the Reborn region, I picked up this delicacy.
It's extremely rare, and it sells for a lot. Use it wisely!
PLEASE?
...
... Fine then, be that way.
Well, I'm going to the library myself.
See you later, \PN!
"The Hidden Library 2" help request completed.
"Move Tutor House".
Be one with the mind, body, and soul!
You are clearly in line with all three.
Good luck on your journey.
I can't get enough of the fresh air here. Life is practically perfect, even in old age.
TREECKO: Trico tree!
Get Treecko's attention with the Gourmet Treat?
Treecko feels ready to battle!
Do you want to battle with Treecko?
Treecko charged towards you!
Treecko returns to staring at a tree until it's interacted with.
Treecko seems to stare at the tree with no rhyme or reason.
Are you here for a spiritual refresher, or are you here to look at the pretty flowers?
Oh, you're absolutely disgusting.
You should be kinder you know. It's a better look for you.
ELDEST: It was once said that Sheridan Village had the power to open one's heart and mind.
That power is indeed hidden somewhere in Sheridan.
AELITA: Why is something so helpful made hidden?
ELDEST: Yes, in fact, it's crucial.
People have tried to steal this power in the past, which forced us to close off this area completely.
AELITA: Oh the irony. A place where you open yourselves up has been closed itself.
ELDEST: In a way it is, but that time has come to an end.
ELDEST: Hm...
ELDEST: Hah!
ELDEST: There we are. Thank goodness...
I was worried this old gate had stopped working long ago.
I'm happy to see that it is still in great condition to this day.
Children, this passageway leads to the Purity Grove.
This place holds a vast amount of spiritual energy, so it'd be wise to be respectful at all times.
AELITA: Is it really okay to leave this gate open?
ELDEST: I believe it will be fine. If anyone truly wanted the power, this gate would not stop them.
It's merely here to stop ignorant passersby from mistakenly entering.
AELITA: I see...
ELDEST: Come now... There is much to be done.
Gearen City
No
Goldenleaf Town
No Thanks
Akuwa Town
No thanks
More Options
West Gearen.
No thanks.
To find someone.
To become strong.
To avenge a friend.
To become famous.
But why?
A good decision.
Let's go.
About that...
Yes
[Map424]
Hope the Sensei doesn't get mad at me in Heaven after visiting this party...
KETA: Please stand on the opposite end whenever you're ready.
I will fight to honor Sensei's death!
AELITA: The Eldest has something she wants to speak to you about.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
NINETALES: Roooa!
SENSEI: You... Have those beings on you? I cannot permit this...
Get them out of my sight. Now!
KETA: \PN, are you ready? Our battle shall begin momentarily.
KETA: Then let us begin.
KETA: Very well. I will wait here until you are.
Ninetales, use Fire Blast!
NIDOKING: Nido!
I will no longer stand for this silence!
I guess I should just be silent, then?
Please do what you can for the Sensei.
???: Oh, you're a new face around here. Did you just make it to Sheridan?
My name is Aelita, I help run the Cherry Blossom Inn.
I assume you're here because you want to challenge the Sensei to a battle, right?
AELITA: I don't think you're going to have much luck there...
The Sensei is pretty distant. Lately he hasn't even spoken to the villagers.
But I guess I can't stop you... Hopefully it works out.
ELDEST: Aelita?
ELDEST: Still nothing from \PN?
AELITA: No... I've asked everyone around the village and no one has seen anything...
What if... What if \PN didn't...
ELDEST: Aelita, you can't think that way. I'm sure \PN will turn up when you least expect them to.
AELITA: As long as \PN shows up at all...
\PN... Where are you?
AELITA: What's that?!
AELITA: \PN!
AELITA: Just where have you been?! I've been worried sick, you know?
AELITA: Huh? You don't know how long you've been gone?
Well from today it's been about a week... You really didn't know? That's strange...
AELITA: The last thing I remembered, let's see... We were fighting Madelis and then I got knocked out...
Soon after I suddenly woke up here in Sheridan by myself.
I feared the worst, but I'm glad you're okay, \PN.
...I know the Sensei, no, my father isn't here anymore, but...
His memory will continue, and I'll be strong enough to carry his legacy for him.
AELITA: Th-That aside, I haven't just been moping around for an entire week!
I took what you told me and did some research on those things called Shadow Pokemon.
The Eldest and I may have found something that can purify them!
AELITA: The Eldest is eager to share what we've found, so please speak to her!
Remember that huge wooden gate down on the lower level of the village?
We'll be waiting there. Please don't take too long, but if you need to rest that's fine too!
AELITA: This is it...
I've done this many times before, but it's always so uncomfortable.
Right, well, let's try this out.
AELITA: Sensei? It's me, Aelita. Please let me in.
...
AELITA: Just stay calm... We've got this!
WORKER: When we're done with this house, it'll be Aelita's property.
Maybe this village will have an actual Sensei again!
I will show you the true might of a red belt!
I've been crushed!
You show some serious promise.
TEXEN: My beautiful hair!
AELITA: Oh geeze.
\sh\c[7]TEXEN: I WANT BOTH \PN AND AELITA BANNED!
ELDEST: You may be the new Sensei, but you have no authority to ban Aelita.
TEXEN: What about my hair?! It burned off when THEY ruined my Gym!
ELDEST: I advised against building your Gym inside the mountain, but you refused to listen to me!
Besides, you're young. Your hair will grow back.
TEXEN: You're the ELDEST of the village. You're supposed to follow what I SAY.
ELDEST: That's where you're wrong. I am your advisor, not your yes man.
TEXEN: Then what good are you?!
AELITA: Eldest!
ELDEST: Keta has definitely seen better days. I pray for his recovery.
I'm just vibing, dude. No need to bother me.
???: Pribi! Pribi! Pribi!
SHERRY: Hey.... Uh... Did you hear that noise?
EMIL: Hearing things during our battles? Don't lay me with these lame excuses to why you're losing!
SHERRY: Hey, I'm serious! I'm not making this up!
???: Priiii!
So you're here because of my help request? Great!
So here's the deal, there's a Pokemon called Aipom on Route 2.
It's too crafty! I can't catch it!
Would you please find one and trade with me? I have a rare Pokemon you may like!
They're usually inside headbuttable trees, but they appear outside trees during the day!
Were you able to locate an Aipom?
Aw, that's fine I guess...
Thank you so much! Let's get started!
\PN traded Aipom for Pancham!
Thank you so much!
"Cute Pokemon!" Request completed.
That's unfortunate.
All healed up!
Sorry, no mountain for you, hun!
Cool party, amirite?
The door is locked. Knock?
No one's answering...
Perhaps it's best to come back later.
ELDEST: \PN, Aelita ran off to chase Keta\c[6] behind the waterfall!
There's no way this brittle bones of mine can keep up with her.
Please, you must go after her!
Texen said that you two aren't allowed past this point. So get lost~.
AELITA: \PN! There you are! I was wondering where you head off to.
Sensei walked out too, but he wouldn't tell me where he was going...
???: No need to wonder. I'm right here.
AELITA: Sensei!
So... how did it go? Did \PN pass your test?
KETA: \PN passed my test.
AELITA: So then... You'll give us a chance? You'll open up to us?
All we want to do is help you get through whatever it is you're going through.
KETA: ...
Aelita, I have decided that I will face \PN in battle.
There are some things I must settle with myself that can only be done this way.
AELITA: You're going to battle \PN?! This is great news!
KETA: That's correct.
AELITA: O-Okay, I got it! In that case, I'll be right back!
KETA: Aelita?
KETA: ...There's no stopping that girl once she's started.
As for us... Please stand on the other side of the ring when you're ready.
We'll,\| no\|, I'll figure things out with this.
Yes
No
How long was I gone?
What happened?
[Map425]
CLERK: Welcome to the Cherry Blossom Inn!
\GWould you like to stay the night? The price is only $450 per night.
RECEPTIONIST: We hope you had a wonderful night at our Inn!
Please do consider staying again!
RECEPTIONIST: Oh... you don't have enough money...
But we don't like sending away people. Please stay the night anyway, free of charge.
CLERK: Welcome to the Cherry Blossom Inn! Would you like to stay the night?
\ts[1]The next day...
BRIE: Ah, is that a Heart Scale?
If you give me that Heart Scale, I'll teach your Pokemon moves they know! Bit rusty but I've still got it in me!
Which Pokmon needs tutoring?
If you want me to reteach your Pokmon any move, come back with a heart scale!
Um, that's an egg.
Unless you want me to teach your Pokmon scrambled, or sunny-side...
Come back with a Pokmon.
What is this thing?! It isn't natural, get it out of here!
Uhh...
This Pokmon doesn't have any move that it can relearn. Sorry. \v[3].
Which move should I teach to your \v[3]?
\PN handed over one Heart Scale in exchange.
If your Pokmon need to learn a move, come back with a Heart Scale.
ELDEST: Aelita is upstairs preparing for your journey tomorrow.
Maybe it would be wise to join her?
ELDEST: Please be careful when you make your way to East Gearen.
I somehow have a very bad feeling about all of this...
OLDLADY: Please, disregard my grand-daughter's rudeness.
She's only trying to look out for me.
DARIA: The spot we usually pick these plants is located by a tiny waterfall in Amethyst Cave.
I suppose the most logical decision would be to check there first?
AELITA: Tomorrow we'll go confront the Sensei together. every time I've gone alone it's ended up in failure each time...
But somehow I think it's going to work this time.
AELITA: There's a lot to prepare for our journey tomorrow!
For now I'm just gonna gather some items together.
Take this time to relax, because we're out of here first thing in the morning!
AELITA: \PN, there you are! I've been waiting for you all day!
I've got everything we need to head off to Goldenleaf Town!
We should probably rest up for the night though. You ready to end the day?
AELITA: Yeah me too. Nighty night, \PN! Time for bed!
AELITA: Okie dokie! I'll be waiting here when you do.
AELITA: \PN! \PN!
AELITA: \PN, have you seen the news this morning?
Something really weird is going on in East Gearen City!
AELITA: Please come with me! I'll show you!
AELITA: Ah, well... It's probably easier if I just showed you.
It's really hard to describe.
VOLTA: Welcome to Gearen News. I'm your host, Volta.
Today we're delving into a mysterious, but disturbing phenomena that's plaguing East Gearen City.
Translucent flora have been appearing throughout the streets of this dark city.
Reports say this started just after a tremor unfolded around 3 am last night. Citizens that have been caught in the cross hairs of this strange event have
been moved to Chrisola Hotel or Route 2.
Needless to say, if you're planning a trip to East Gearen City... Hold off for now.
That's all we have to report. As usual, I'm Volta, your lovely host and this has been your daily Gearen News.
AELITA: Oh no... It's gotten even worse. What's going on?
ELDEST: I've never seen something like this happen before...
I don't have advice on this, I'm sorry.
AELITA: \PN... This could be another attack from Team Xen.
And if that's the case, we should head on over to East Gearen City.
We have experience with dealing with them. Probably more than most people!
If anyone can do something about this, it's us!
ELDEST: And if it's not a Team Xen issue? Aelita, this can be very dangerous...
AELITA: Heading off to Akuwa Town in of itself was dangerous!
Besides, this can be another way of training for both \PN and I.
ELDEST: Sigh... I suppose I cannot stop you.
If you're going on then, please take these.
AELITA: Thank you so much, Eldest.
If that's all, then I think we should head on over there right away.
\PN, I doubt we'd be able to hitch a ride with that truck guy at this time.
We're gonna have to make our way to Route 2 and catch that train.
Would you like to travel through Amethyst Cave again with me?
AELITA: Yes! Let's make our way over to Route 2 immediately then.
\ts[1]\PN and Aelita head out for Route 2. Aelita runs on ahead to the train station!
AELITA: Gotcha. I'm gonna get a head start and see if I can get a little stronger on the way.
Meet me on Route 2 when you're ready!
DARIA: Thank you so much for saving my boyfriend!
???: What am I to do? It's been ages since...
???: O-Oh my! How long have you been here?
???: Um, but since you're here... Would you mind lending me your ear?
???: Ah, thank you, but I think I should introduce myself before I continue.
My name is Daria. I live here with my boyfriend, but...
My boyfriend and I like to pick special plants that live underneath the soil in Amethyst Cave for tea.
Recently he went to Amethyst Cave to grab some himself, but he hasn't been back in a few days...
We usually go to Amethyst Cave to gather them together, but I was busy with work this time around.
The trip to Amethyst Cave only takes a couple of hours. He should be back by now...
I don't have any Pokemon myself, so I can't go out looking for him.
Would you mind looking for him in my place? Of course, I'll reward you in some way...
DARIA: Thank you! I'm in your debt.
The spot we usually go to is nearby a tiny waterfall. Check there first, perhaps?
DARIA: I understand. This isn't your problem, is it?
I guess you'll be leaving now then? Goodbye...
???: Ah, I suppose it's inconsequential... I suppose you'll be leaving now then?
DARIA: M-Marcus?! Thank Arceus, you're safe!
MARCUS: Of course I'm safe! Did you ever doubt me?
DARIA: Um... That's not important. What's important is that you're okay!
MARCUS: Yeah, I had a rough encounter with a Pokemon in Amethyst Cave.
But everything is fine now, see? This trainer helped me when I was in a pinch.
DARIA: Thank you so much for helping me, \PN.
You've done me a huge favor, you know?
It's not much, but please take this as my thanks.
\PN got $8,000!
Ah, there you are! My husband was looking for you.
I'm the Day-Care Lady. We can raise Pokmon for you.
Would you like us to raise your Pokmon?
Oh? But you only have one Pokmon with you.
You can't go off without a Pokmon. Come back another time.
Which Pokmon should we raise for you?
Oh, fine, then.\nCome again.
If you leave me that Pokmon, what are you gonna battle with?
Come back another time.
Fine, we'll raise your \v[3] for a while.
Come back for it later.
We can raise two of your Pokmon. Would you like us to raise another?
Very good. Come again.
Ah, it's you! Good to see you. Now, about your Pokmon...
By level, your \v[3] has grown by about \v[4].
Do you want your Pokmon back?
Your Pokmon team is full. Make room, then come see me.
Which one do you want back?
\GIf you want your \v[3] back, it will cost $\v[4].
\GYou don't have enough money...
\GExcellent\nHere's your Pokmon.
\PN took \v[3] back from the Day-Care Lady.
Do you want to take back the other one, too?
Sometimes I make sweets!
Sometimes I make a little bit too many sweets.
Please take some off my hands!
Thank you so much for taking those off my hands!
Hey, do you happen to have an Igglybuff? I'll trade you a Cleffa for one!
Aw...
Yes! Let's get started, yeah?
\PN traded Igglybuff for Cleffa!
Igglybuff will be happy with me! Don't worry!
I'd prefer it if you could wait for her to get back...
OLDLADY: Ma'am, would you please send extra sheets to my room?
It gets quite chilly at night, and these frail old bones can't take it.
AELITA: Yes, Ms. Apple. I'll bring you some before bed time, okay?
OLDLADY: Thank you, darling... Such a delightful child.
The Sensei must be proud to have people like you here in Sheridan.
AELITA: Yeah...
AELITA: O-Oh, hello!
Oh gosh, I just realized I never asked for your name back there.
AELITA: Ah, \PN. What a lovely name.
Did you have any luck with the Sensei?
AELITA: I-I see... I expected as much... I'm very sorry about that.
He's been neglecting his duties as of late. It's hard for him to open up to people.
But I still believe in him! I won't stop believing in him!
AELITA: Listen... \PN, do you mind helping me with something?
I'll be upstairs. Everything will be explained then.
AELITA: You actually showed up!
AELITA: Thank you so much for visiting me here in my room.
I don't spend much time in here so there's not much, but...
???: Aelita? What did you want to speak to me about?
ELDEST: Oh... I see.
ELDEST: Please excuse me. I don't think we've introduced ourselves back when.
I'm the Eldest of this village. I am also the Sensei's advisor.
It's a pleasure to meet you, \PN.
AELITA: Oh? You already knew \PN's name? I thought you said you haven't introduced yourself.
ELDEST: Ah... W-Well, I overhead you calling their name while I was outside.
But it matters not. What did you need?
AELITA: Oh, yeah... I wanted to explain to \PN about our "situation".
\PN came to participate in the Gym Challenge, but... yeah.
ELDEST: Ah... Say no more. \PN, first and foremost, I want to apologize for Keta's behavior.
Keta is our Sensei. He has been for over 10 years now.
But in the past year or so, something has happened to him.
Suddenly he came home after a long trip with a face as white as snow.
Ever since then he's secluded himself within his house.
AELITA: Which brings me to why I asked you here.\|
For the past couple of weeks I've tried confronting Sensei on my own.
But each time it's ended in failure or my dismissal.
Please, \PN...
Will you help me confront Sensei?
ELDEST: Hm...?
AELITA: I've been trying to get through to him for months now.
But if \PN is there with me, I'll have someone to back me up!
Besides, this works out for \PN too! If I can get Sensei to come to his senses...
\PN can get the battle they came here for! So whaddya say, \PN?
AELITA: R-Really? You will? I knew you'd say yes!
If you're the one to help me, I know this can't fail.
AELITA: B-Because, I feel like... If you're the one to help me, it'd work out.
ELDEST: But why \PN? What about \PN has led you to this?
AELITA: It's hard to explain, but something deep inside my mind is telling me I can trust them.
I-It's a little weird, but somehow I feel like we're bound by fate, haha...
Sorry if that's strange to hear \PN. Maybe it's just my intuition speaking!
ELDEST: Ah... Well, I have no qualms with your "intuition".
In that case, it'd be better if you did this tomorrow.
Please feel free to stay the night here, \PN. From now on, free of charge..
AELITA: Yes, \PN! Thank you so much. We'll meet outside by the bonfire tomorrow.
Until then, we should get some rest.
See you tomorrow, \PN.
When you're in battle you must be focused on your opponent.
You can't afford to be snoozing around waiting for things to go in your favor!
What are you looking for?
Worry Seed costs 2 Red Shards!
Thanks a million!
Are you sleeping? You don't have enough shards!
Uproar? 2 Green Shards!
Thank you!
Come back when you decide you want to wake up!
BETH: Would you care to buy some of our preservative free beverages?
???: Howdy, my name is Beth!
I'm a cowgirl livin' in the Terrial Region of Aevium.
What's your name?
...\PN, huh? Well I won't forget you, no sir.
In fact, take this as a sample!
BETH: Our drinks are made daily, so they're always fresh!
Would you care to buy some of our preservative free beverages?
???: Oh bother...
???: Oh thank goodness, I was worried sick!
???: Gah!
... I'm sorry for shouting like that.
My name is Samantha.
It's just- My sister has gone on an expedition to an island called Terajuma Island and-
Look, she was supposed to be back a few days ago, but she isn't.
I'm sorry, but if you're here to teach moves to your Pokemon it'll have to wait.
I mean, I could do it, but I'm not as good as her so it won't be as efficient...
Gothitelle is looking at you with a smug expression...
GOTHITELLE: Gothitehehe...
Gothitelle locked the door behind you!
GOTHITELLE: Gothitehehe...!
Gothitelle attacked out of nowhere!
Gothitelle seems to be amused by that battle.
...Despite that, it seems to be bored with you already.
Gothitelle warped away!
MILTANK: Moo!
GIRL: Hey, you're that trainer that caught Throggo, right?
Here's the thing, I want to own both Sawk and Throh together.
So how about you trade me that Throh you got from that agent?
I'll give you a Sawk I bred in return. You should do the same with that Throh.
Because once you hand it over, I'm not going to give it back.
\PN traded Throh for Sawk!
GIRL: Heh, nice! Thanks for your cooperation!
I'm gonna head out now. Bye!
GIRL: Hmph... Fine!
Sorry, but this is our supply closet. Don't want any raiders, right?
SAMANTHA: I heard about what you did for my sister.
I'm eternally grateful.
Um, don't tell her I gave you this, but-
You earned that.
Put it to good use, okay?
SAMANTHA: Thank you... really!
MARCUS: I can't really understand what just happened, but I'm still grateful that you showed up and saved me.
Thank you for everything!
???: Um, excuse me, but this is our private living space.
You can't just walk in from that way because the door's unlocked.
OLDLADY: Now, now, no need to be so unwelcoming, Nadia.
When I was younger, trainers used to enter my home at random as well.
NADIA: I know, gramma, but I'm just trying to protect you.
What if some creep decided to just waltz right into our home?
What then?
OLDLADY: I'm sure our Pokemon would protect us. It's no problem at all, dear.
NADIA: If you say so...
Hey, kid... Uh, I know I yelled at you for walking in here, but...
I want you to have this. Courtesy of me.
NADIA: This is a one time thing, got it? This isn't a charity.
NADIA: Seriously though, you should probably not be back here.
The shop's on the other side of the counter, yeah?
Yes
No
Time to sleep!
Hm.. Not yet!
I haven't...
What's going on?
Let's go!
I need to prepare...
Sure thing!
No.
I will.
Why me??
Worry Seed
Uproar
No thanks
[Map426]
KETA: Taelia, I try so hard to smile... But that is just impossible.
KETA: What was her name again? Melia?
KETA: Have I confused you? Perhaps you'll recognize me in this state.
KETA: Familiar?\| Yes, I believe so.
You've come all this way just to bother a man already in his pit of despair?
You're either a despicable child, or clueless.
Either way, I've promised Aelita that I would give her at least a chance.
That's something we all want, don't we?
Melia... It seems her life was left up to that very chance.
I bet your friends said something like "If only I were stronger."
It's all bullshit. There's nothing that could've been done in that cave.
Fate is already written.
KETA: But perhaps...
I have a test for you \PN. It involves a bit of traveling. Are you up for it?
KETA: Hmph, very good. In that case, listen closely.
KETA: Don't waste my time with your drivel.
Whether or not you're up to it is your call, but for my own conscience I'm presenting it anyway.
Do you remember where we met in Amethyst Cave? By that bridge?
Just west of that bridge is a rock with a pendant attached to it.
Touch the stone. If something happens, proceed.
The way to Amethyst Grotto will open and within this place, the Soul Stone lies.
Retrieve the stone, and, well... We'll see.
And, also, you are to do this alone. Leave Aelita out of this.
KETA: Find the Soul Stone. If you are able to retrieve it, you pass.
-TAELIA-
"Gone, but not forgotten".
There's something engraved on the side of this banner.
"Remember to always keep smiling. For this house is blessed and loved" - Taelia
I am.
But I just got here...
[Map427]
Hopefully this banquet doesn't delay anything. I have a meeting in a few hours!
PIANOLADY: I hope the sound of my piano will soothe your soul while you eat!
Please enjoy the rest of the trip!
What's so special about the food here? I mean it's really good, but...
MOM: Our table is just ahead. The banquet won't start for a few more moments.
Feel free to wander about until you're ready. I'll be waiting for you.
Do you think the Pokemon in the Aevium Region will like me?
I'm a pretty likable guy!
GOTHITELLE: Goooaa!
MOM: Are you ready for the banquet to start?
MOM: Excellent. Let's get settled.
AUGUSTUS: Greetings everyone!
It is my pleasure to host this lovely banquet on this magnificent day!
This marks the end of our week long journey together.
I hope that this trip will stay with you in your memory forever.
And perhaps one day we shall see each other again!
And with that all said and done, I'd like the banquet to commence!
???: Sorry, but I'm going to have to postpone this little party.
AUGUSTUS: Who are you three? What is the meaning of this?
???: We're going to need all of you to stay put and listen very carefully.
We have explosives on board this ship. Any act of rebellion will result in a calamity none of you can afford.
So let's just get through this nice and easy, okay?
AUGUSTUS: Y-You're hijacking the ship?
???: Hijacking? No, no, that's too barbaric. We're here to pick up someone.
MOM: G-Get \PN out of here now!
???: Don't make any funny movements! No one's leaving this room, you hear?
???: ...Hmph.
???: I said don't move!
MOM: Get them out of here right this instant!
???: Gothitelle, you know what to do.
GOTHITELLE: Goaa!
???: ...You're all going to regret this!
MOM: Well, all right then. We still have some time left.
Please come see me whenever you're ready.
I've heard that the food on the S.S. Oceana is simply divine.
Not many get to experience wonderful cuisine like this, so be sure to appreciate it!
AUGUSTUS: The banquet is about to begin! Your mother must be waiting for you, no?
???: ...
The banquet marks the end of this ship's voyage.
We'll be docking at Gearen City very shortly.
Registration was such a drag. At least I have nice food to eat.
Yes
No
[Map428]
There's nothing we can do... We're not strong enough to stop the water from entering.
Our Pokemon can't do it as well. We should just try to find some life rafts and escape.
Hey, wait... do you see that dark figure in the water?
Yeah... it's very faint, but I think I see it as well!
G-Gah, let go of us!
Th-They kidnapped those two people!
OLDLADY: We should head down to the Cargo Hold to hide!
WORKER: That's a great idea! You, kid! You need to tell that person blocking the staircase to move!
We need to get down there and hide as soon as possible!
Hurry!
Won't budge.
JIGGLYPUFF: Puriii...
The impact of the explosion dented the top of the door. It won't budge.
Ugh, the water pressure is way too strong for us to even try to stop it from coming in!
It all feels so futile at this point!
Wait, stop! You can't come this way!
The Cargo Hold is being submerged under water as we speak!
It would be a death wish to go down this staircase. It's not worth it!
Huh? Something started to attack the guests and now we want to hide in the Cargo Hold?
I-I'm not too sure how keen I am on this idea.
What if water starts to enter from above? What do we do then?
We'll be trapped and then... Well, you know the rest, don't you?
OLDLADY: Eep! They're back and there's more than last time!
Wh-What?! Let go of me!
Ugh, what is going on here?! Why is this happening to us?!
Those guys down there are trying to block the entrance so that water won't come in.
The pressure from the water is too great that they can't even seem to do anything.
What are we going to do?
Going down to the Cargo Hold is suicide. Isn't there water seeping in from there as well?
PIANOLADY: Hey, aren't you that kid that disappeared out of thin air?
What happened to you?
Anyway, that's not important at the moment. What's important is getting off this ship.
Right after you disappeared, some guy detonated an explosive on the hull of the S.S. Oceana.
Water is gushing in at an alarming rate. If we don't find a way out soon...
That coupled with these weird tentacle things...
They seem harmless, but they seem to be watching our every move.
It's almost as if they're trying to observe us, or look for something.
You should go on ahead. I'll stay here and see if anyone needs help.
Oh my... What a terrible disaster this has turned into...
Surely the Cargo Hold isn't the best place to be, but it's better than this.
Wh-What's going on? Th-The ship is sinking, isn't it?
Oh God, what are we going to do?
There's someone blocking the staircase to the Cargo Hold.
Tell them to move so that we can have some place to hide!
PIANOLADY: I'll stay here just in case someone needs my help!
[Map429]
PIANOLADY: I'll stay here just in case someone needs my help!
MOM: It's no use, the water can't be controlled.
There's just way too much damage.
SYLVEON: Slveo!
MOM: What's wrong, Sylveon?
MOM: \PN, is that really you?!
MOM: What are you doing here? I thought you were somewhere safe...
Well, all that matters is that we're together again, right?
MOM: This ship won't last very long, \PN. We're going to have to abandon it.
I have a Pokemon we can use to surf to shore, but as for the other people...
???: What makes you think that you're safe from our onslaught?
???: We came here for one purpose, and one purpose only.
And we're not leaving until we've fulfilled that purpose.
MOM: Are you the one who's behind this attack?!
???: Perhaps that is a possibility, but that's not something I'm comfortable sharing.
The only thing that truly matters right now is your apprehension.
MOM: M-My apprehension?
???: That's correct. Did you think \PN was our target?
Maybe that's what they made you think, but that couldn't be further from the truth.
MOM: If all you wanted was me, then why go so far as to destroy the S.S. Oceana?!
You've endangered all of these innocent people who have no idea what's going on!
???: Witnesses can be such a bother. It's better if we just wipe them all out.
MOM: And if someone happened to get out? They would spread awareness.
???: Assuming anyone got out- Which they won't.
It wouldn't be too bad considering most people think we're quite passive anyway.
It's time people woke up from this dream of safety they have going on.
MOM: Heh, it's going down like this, huh?
Sylveon, return!
MOM: \PN, I want you to take all of my Pokemon. They can help you escape.
I'll be okay as long as I know you're safe and sound. That's all that matters to me.
???: Sorry, can't do it. That's not going to happen.
???: Don't think you're safe. I'm going to deal with you next, \PN.
???: What was that?
???: Look out below!
SYLVEON: Sylveo!
???: Wh-What?!
PIANOLADY: Huff... huff... You better appreciate me, \PN.
Pushing a piano off the side wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
The sounds of a piano crashing on the floor? That song was dedicated to you.
I don't even know if it was worth it in the long run. Can you escape here by yourself?
Ah, but it doesn't matter anymore, does it?
Try to escape this place, kid...
Because it looks like my time here is up.
MOM: Well, that takes care of the fire.
Although this place looks like it's seen better days.
Not too sure it'll see anymore days, actually...
MOM: What is it, Sylveon?
MOM: \PN...?!
Oh thank Arceus, you're safe!
???: Yeah, not too sure you all should be celebrating just yet.
MOM: Who are you? Are you the one behind this?
???: Irrelevant.
What matters is your apprehension.
MOM: ...My apprehension?
You're doing this just to capture me?
If that were the case, then why destroy this ship? I'm the target.
???: It's because we aren't going to tolerate witnesses.
Truth be told, we would've just taken you in the break of night, but we couldn't risk running into... her.
So, we tried to take two birds with one stone.
And if you ask me, it seems to have turned out exceptionally well.
MOM: That's what you think! Sylveon, attack position!
???: ...Dexoy, Flash Cannon.
MOM: Sylveon, no! Return!
MOM: ...So it's going to be like this...huh?
I understand.
I accept this.
MOM: \PN, forget about me. Just go.
Take this Pokemon and escape. If it's just you, you can do it...
Believe in me. Believe in yourself!
???: Uh, no. You won't be giving them anything.
How could we risk someone escaping and telling the world what they saw here?
So, yeah, no, gonna have to shut you down.
MOM: No!
\PN, go! Just go! Don't look back. Keep running!
Now!
MOM: Don't come any closer! I said to run!
[Map430]
AUGUSTUS: \PN! I'm glad to see that you're doing okay.
It seems like... this perfect day has taken quite the turn, hasn't it?
Who would do such a thing?
Huh? What's that? Your mother?
I... I actually don't know where she is. When the bomb exploded, it knocked me out cold.
When I came around, everyone in the room was gone.
Water is gushing through the belly of the ship as we speak.
It won't be long until the S.S. Oceana rests at the bottom of the sea forever.
I think I'm going to stay here in my own misery for a bit.
There were some people at the exit of the boat looking for a way to stop the water level from rising.
You should speak with them. They could have seen your mother.
AUGUSTUS: ...
[Map431]
???: And where do you think you're going?
???: Did you think you were done with me?
Be a good little child and come with us. There's no point in fighting back.
That will just make things worse for you in the long run.
TALONFLAME: Braaawww!!!
???: What?!
???: ...
???: Hmph... Whatever, we'll deal with them later.
???: Now what do we do?
???: The S.S. Oceana is done for. If we stay any longer we'll be dragged into the ocean.
Let's cut our losses and get out of here now.
???: Aye.
[Map432]
MATTHEW: \PN! Did you happen to come across that weird Pokemon?
MATTHEW: \PN, th-that Pokemon you have in your Pokedex...
The Pokemon inside that Pokeball is called Type: Null...
Perhaps I have heard of this Pokemon before.
Please, come inside. I'll tell you more about Type: Null inside.
Legends say that this place used to be connected to another river.
After the calamity, the river was cut in two.
Locked.
???: And what do you think you're doing?
???: Do you just try to walk into every house you come across?
???: It's not that I'm surprised that you just tried to walk into my home, but...
That doesn't mean I can't feel uncomfortable by it, you know?
???: Hey... What's that badge you have there? Is that the Poison Heart Badge?
Well I'll be... that's my daughter's badge!
The name's Matthew. Matthew Vasile.
Are you good friends with my daughter? Veronica?
MATTHEW: Well that's good to hear! I'm glad that she's still doing well.
MATTHEW: Isn't it obvious? I'm living out here in undocumented territory.
You've seen your map, haven't you? There's nothing telling you about this place.
If no one knows I'm here, that means I can get away with anything!
Say... are you busy right now?
MATTHEW: Well that's too bad, because I'm going to need your help with something.
MATTHEW: That's great to hear! I'm going to need your help with something crucial.
I want you to meet me in my lab.
You might've seen the building. It's exactly west of this point.
But you can only get there by this little train I bought.
I have it that way so that random trainers, like you, don't just waltz right in.
ELECTRIKE: Trike...?
Electrike looks like it's trying to find something to eat.
Do you want to give Electrike the Gourmet Treat?
Electrike wishes to battle you!
Battle with Electrike?
Electrike jumped towards you!
Electrike looks disappointed...
Electrike stares at you eagerly.
Yeah.
Why are you out here?
Yes
No
[Map433]
MATTHEW: Please excuse the sorry as hell living space.
It's not exactly Grand Dream City, but it's what I like to call home.
Now, about that Type: Null of yours. It was created by an organization called the Aether Foundation.
The President, Lusamine, created Type: Null in the depths of her establishment.
That's not the only thing Lusamine was involved in, but we'll save that for later.
Supposedly there were only 3 Type: Null ever created, but...
All three Type: Null have been taken into custody by one trainer or another.
For there to be more Type: Null out there concerns me greatly.
It's possible that Team Xen created a few Type: Null for their own personal gain.
That being said, I think you're capable of taking care of this Type: Null, no?
I mean after all, you do have my daughter's badge, and that's one tough cookie to beat.
I think I'm going to head back to the Forsaken Laboratory.
Maybe I'll be able to find more about Type: Null there.
Come and see me whenever you make that Type: Null truly love you.
You'll know what I mean when that happens.
It seems to be very old journals written by Matthew.
Read the journals?
"MATTHEW: Today is March 26th! My lovely baby daughter was born!
We were trying to figure out a name for her. Chasity wanted to name her Veronica.
I, on the other hand, wanted to name her Hellonearth, but I guess Veronica is fine.
My old buddy from Middle School, Jenner, came over to see Veronica.
Jenner was so not meant for kids. He couldn't even hold Veronica properly!
Eventually both of them ended up bawling like babies, though, I think Jenner was louder.
I heard Tesla just had a baby a few weeks ago. Maybe we should have some sort of party?"
Keep reading?
"MATTHEW: Veronica turned 5 today! It's been 5 long years of crying and screaming!
Well, she better get in line because I've been crying and screaming for 32 years.
Amber and Veronica get along pretty well. Though, I think Tesla's spoiling Amber.
I know she hasn't exactly had the time of her life, but spoiling Amber may... uh... complicate things.
On another note, I heard that Blakeory Co. is sending their branch to Gearen City!
Mr. Blakeory is sending her niece to live in Gearen City. I think her name was Saki.
Hopefully Amber and Veronica will get along well with her. They could use some balance in their friendship."
"MATTHEW: Veronica is going to turn 7 in a few days.
Tesla told me that we should throw something for her. I'm sure Saki and Amber would like it as well.
I know Veronica has been really into music lately, and I think I'm to blame for that...
Maybe Chasity and I could get out our old band equipment and let Veronica and her friends use it?
Maddie told me that this was a terrible idea, and Cas told me they'd just break it.
Eh, maybe they're right, but I think the memory of my daughter being happy pays the price for broken equipment."
"MATTHEW: ...
Disaster has struck.
During Veronica's play session, our equipment mysteriously caught fire.
We tried to put it out, but this fire was something I've never seen before.
The children were terrified, but I was able to get them out quickly.
Unfortunately, by the time we all got them out, the whole building was ablaze.
The fire was so dangerous, so fast, so destructive... It spread to other buildings in the vicinity.
Never in my life have I seen a fire of this magnitude. It almost felt unnatural.
While I got my family, and my friends out of the city, I noticed something in the corner of my eye.
The lab was completely on fire. Jenner, Maddie and Cas were still in there...
I have no idea how things got this bad this fast, but I don't... I don't know...
"MATTHEW: The result of the fire was absolutely catastrophic.
Half of Gearen City had burned down. Many lives were lost.
I haven't heard from Jenner and the rest in days. I'm fearing they did not make it.
The city council found the origin of the fire, and they're deciding on what to do with us.
Tesla, Chasity and myself are all in a state of panic, but I think I must make a difficult decision.
I decided that I'd take the blame for the fire, and that I would take full punishment.
That was the plan... but it seems like they found something that belonged to Amber.
It was a small metal box filled with pictures and movies from the party.
For some odd and unexplainable reason, the box was completely untouched.
It had survived the extremely high temps and the debris from the room collapsing.
Nevertheless, it belonged to Amber and so she was blamed for the incident along with myself.
We were both asked to leave the city indefinitely.
They told a 7 year old girl that they were no longer allowed to stay here anymore.
The whole council agreed to these terms.
We thought it'd be best for the kids if we separated them after this traumatic event.
Saki went to go live in West Gearen City with her folks.
Tesla took Amber to live on Terajuma Island. Veronica stayed with Chasity in East Gearen City.
As for myself...? Well, I don't know where I'm going, but I must go.
I don't want to pull Veronica away from her home... Not because of me.
If I was able to save her future by tarnishing mine... I think... I think that was the best case scenario.
I love her so much.
I love both of them so much.
I hope Veronica won't hate me the next time I see her.
That's... all."
"MATTHEW: Been a few years since I've written in this thing!
Everything has been so different since that day, but life moves on.
Veronica turned 12 the other day. I wrote her a letter. I hope she doesn't rip it up.
Something I never mentioned was that Jenner and the rest were a-okay!
Jenner told me that they left early that day, but his voice didn't sound so sure.
Whatever, hearing my best bro's voice was all I could ever hope for.
Jenner even has a daughter now apparently! I think her name was Melia or something.
Jenner told me Melia was about 9... or 10.
Obviously, Melia's adopted, but she looks so much like Jenner anyway.
Chasity told me that they refrained from telling the children that she's adopted for their own personal reasons.
I guess Jenner felt lonely after his only friend moved away from him.
I mean, that's the reason I'm assuming he adopted Melia.
As for Tesla and Amber, I heard Tesla opened up her very own Resort in Teila Town!
Teila Town was this really boring town with a low population anyway.
Maybe I'll go visit her and Amber someday, or maybe that might be too awkward.
Anyway, I think this'll be my last journal entry.
So to you snooping through my journal, I'll bid you a good day!"
MATTHEW: Welcome...
MATTHEW: It has just come to my attention that I haven't asked for your name yet.
Ah, so \PN is your name then, yes?
\PN, have you heard about the attack Goldenleaf Town suffered through?
To specify, I'm not talking about the Radio Tower perse...
I'm talking about the attack Team Xen constructed.
Well, whether or not you've heard about it or not, it happened.
During this attack, Team Xen opened up a secret laboratory hidden beneath the Radio Tower.
A laboratory that seems to not have been touched in many, many, many years.
I actually went down there earlier to see things for myself.
The place was mostly torn down and empty, but there was one room that piqued my interest.
There was a room that was overflowing with water.
In this room there are two doors. A red one, and a regular ol' one.
I couldn't open the red door, but I found the key for the other one!
Now, where do you come in then? Why do I need your help?
Well, there also seemed to be some parts of the lab that I myself could not reach.
How would it be possible for me to be in this area without a Pokemon with Surf?
...Anyway, I would like you to go down there and investigate the areas I could not reach.
I don't know if this will help you or not, but I found it while looking around.
MATTHEW: Good luck to you, \PN!
MATTHEW: I'm counting on you \PN! Hopefully we'll find something interesting!
MATTHEW: Hm... This isn't looking good.
It seems like this Pokeball has received numerous amounts of beatings over the years.
The rust around the edges suggest that this Pokeball has been submerged in water at one point.
Not only that, but it seems like the Pokeball itself has aged quite a bit.
Unfortunately, I don't think there's much we can do with this considering my current equipment.
However, if we were to somehow make my equipment better, we could do something.
I know I've already asked you to help me before, but I believe it is our duty to save this Pokemon.
If you would help me out just one more time, I would greatly appreciate it.
If we're going to retrieve the data inside of this Pokeball, we're going to need to gather some items.
Let's start off with the easy things to take care of.
We're going to need 1 regular Pokeball. Anything else won't do the job.
We're going to need this in order to transfer the Pokemon from inside this ball into the new Pokeball.
Secondly, we're going to need an Up-Grade. This will be slightly harder to find...
And lastly, we're going to need some Magnet Powder.
You're not going to find this in the Aevium Region.
We'd have to import it from the Reborn region, but that's a lot of money I don't have.
So, we're going to go the cheaper way and find a Magnet.
Once you do I'll grind it up into powder and we can use that as a substitute.
Gathering those items will be a little difficult, but I have faith you'll pull through.
Good luck to you, \PN.
MATTHEW: Huh? Could it be...?
You have all of the items necessary! This is great news!
Let's get started on the recovery process, shall we?
All I have to do now is take the Magnet and grind it down into powder...
Then I have to take the Up-Grade and use that there...
And now to transfer the data from the old Pokeball into the new one.
MATTHEW: And Eureka! The data has successfully been transfered over!
Now... to see what's inside of this Pokeball.
Aren't you excited about this?
Come on out, whoever you are!
???: Naooughh!!!
MATTHEW: Huff...huff... What in the world was that?
It went crazy the moment I took it out of its ball.
I've never even seen a Pokemon like that in my life...
And now it looks like it's run off somewhere.
Maybe it went back to the place we found it?
MATTHEW: Hm... Seems like you don't have all the things necessary.
Remember, we're going to need 1 Pokeball, an Upgrade, and a Magnet.
Not sure where you'll be able to find an Upgrade, but you can find Magnets on wild Nosepass.
As for a Pokeball, well, you shouldn't have problems finding that.
MATTHEW: That Pokemon was something I've never even seen before!
It looks like it was scared of us to some extent- It ran off pretty quickly.
Maybe it ran back to the place we found it?
"My Expedition For New Lands!"
Read it?
"MATTHEW: On my journey to find a new home, it seems that I've come across uncharted territory!
Since no one knows this place is here, to my knowledge, this will be a suitable place to live out my days.
I don't have a name for this place yet, but it actually reminds me of that place Jenner and I found behind Sheridan.
If I remember correctly, that place was uncharted territory as well.
We named that place Cozy Covey, but I can already hear my wife Chasity sighing.
So I think I'm going to go for a more serious name...
But for now, I'll just name it Cozey Homey. Cozy with an e because I said so!"
"MATTHEW: So I actually revisited Cozy Covey a few weeks ago, and the geographical similarities are uncanny.
I find it very hard to believe that these two places aren't connected at all.
I'm inclined to believe that these two places are pieces of one whole area.
I drew out the layout of each, and it looks like there used to be an estuary present in Cozy Covey.
It would flow out into an actual river and it would go all the way down here to Cozey Homey.
And because of that, I think I'm going to name this place River's End.
A suitable name, right? This used to be the end of a river. River's End?
Right! Well, I'm glad we go that settled! That's all I'm going write here.
Thanks for reading!"
MATTHEW: There's nothing else I can offer you at this time, but you're welcome here anytime!
It's the Pokeball that was found at the Forsaken Laboratory.
Yes
No
[Map434]
MATTHEW: It looks like you were able to evolve Type: Null into Silvally!
I appreciate the fact that you were able to tame such a wild beast and have it love you.
Now that it's Silvally, it can use items known as Memory Drives to adapt to its opponent.
There are many different types of Memory Drives, one for each type actually.
While looking around for more things on Type: Null's production, I've actually found a Memory Drive myself.
Here, take them. They are of no use to me.
I have no idea where you'll find the rest of the memories, but this should be good for now.
I think I'm going to head back home for now. There's nothing else for me to find here.
MATTHEW: Come see me when you've gotten your Type: Null to completely love you.
You'll know when that happens.
The metal door is locked.
Use the Lab Key?
You left it alone.
MATTHEW: Hm... This place just looks like an empty closet or something.
There has to something of note back here? Surely?
MATTHEW: Oh? Perhaps there's something here after all!
MATTHEW: It seems to be a strange type of custom Pokeball?
Hm... It doesn't seem like it wants to open. Actually, taking a second look at this...
It seems like this Pokeball is actually quite damaged.
I wonder... if this happens to be a corrupted Pokeball?
If that's the case, then there may be a Pokemon inside of this thing!
Quickly, \PN. Let's head back to my lab.
We can closely observe the contents of this Pokemon while we're there.
"Shadow red among the old. A light so bright, will make it gold.
Align the pieces to undo its fold. A reward very great, you will be sold."
It seems to be a crest of some sort. There's no jewel in the middle of it.
Shine a light through the Crest?
\PN used Flash!
You decided to leave it alone.
It looks like an old crest of some sort.
It doesn't look like you can do anything with it from this angle.
???: Nughh!
You caught Type: Null! You should tell Matthew about your success!
Yes
No
[Map435]
???: Oi, Nancy, is that you?
AUGUSTUS: And by the Gods, is that \PN! What a momentous reunion this is!
MOM: Augustus! You made it out okay!
AUGUSTUS: That spunky Braixen led us out of that stuffy cell.
Now, I may not be a youngin, but I can still fight!
MOM: No fighting for you, sir! We have a ship you need to sail for us!
AUGUSTUS: Hm... That's a job I can do for sure. I suppose that's more suited to my skill set.
???: Unfortunately, that's not the case...
MOM: Emma! It's good to see you again.
Hm? Is there something the matter?
EMMA: The key Neved gave me earlier... I suspected this might happen, but I had nothing else to go off of.
MOM: What's wrong with the key?
EMMA:\c[6] This key isn't for the ship that's docked down by the pier.
I don't know if Neved suspected me, or if he didn't want me to leave, but...
NEVED: Emma!
MOM: Emma, you're not actually going to the pinnacle, are you?
EMMA: I'm getting that key.\| No matter what.
I came here to save everyone, and I won't let Neved get in the way of that.
Neved won't let us leave. He's in the way. I knew it would come to this eventually.
MOM: I understand... In that case, let \PN come with you.
MOM: I know we just reunited, and it pains me to see you go again, but...
In this short time we've been back together, I've realized that I have to let go.
You've come so far on your own. You don't need me anymore.
My purpose... It's been fulfilled so long ago.
Augustus and I will take part in gathering people and escorting them to the ship.
We'll all be patiently waiting for you to return, key in hand.
Do you understand?
MOM: I know you will. I believe in you, \PN.
AUGUSTUS: And we won't let you down either!
MOM: That's what I like to hear. Go get 'em, \PN!
EMMA: That's right, we'll be successful!
MOM: You don't need to worry about me. Sylveon is all I need to get through.
AUGUSTUS: And if Sylveon falls, you have me to rough up some pesky guards!
MOM: You heard the Captain.
EMMA: Don't doubt your abilities, \PN. I've seen them first-hand, after all.
We can do this, together.
MOM: Oh, Emma... If it comes to it, don't forget what we talked about.
EMMA: ...
It won't come down to that. Don't worry.
Let's be on our way, \PN. We got a job to do.
???: Kyaaahhhhh!!
MELIA: What the...?
AELITA: Um... I know I haven't been out of my cell often, but I don't remember this platform being here.
MELIA: It wasn't here before.
???: \PN and Aelita, you stubborn sacks a poo!
I tried to warn you, but you two wouldn't listen
AELITA: Wait a minute, I remember that voice!
AELITA: I knew it, Nim!
NIM: Girl, you look insane. What happened to you?
AELITA: Uh... a long story. I'll tell you about it later.
NIM: \PN, you look fine, as usual.\| And who's this?
MELIA: Uh... My name is Melia.
NIM: Nice to meetcha, Melia! My name's Nim, and I'm here to break your fall!
Now ladies and gentelmen, we are now beginning our descent.
As of now, it's a very clear- Scratch that, it seems we're getting a bit of a flurry!
But the heat coming from this sick landing is melting the snow as it's coming down, oh my god!
That doesn't stop pilot Nim from protecting her passengers from the scary scenario her friends are in!
Thank you for flying with Nim Airlines, we hope to see you again!
AELITA: Nim, that was amazing!
MELIA: This sudden change in weather... It's bizarre.
NIM: Don't worry, dudes and dudettes. I try my best, teehee...
MELIA: I don't want to ruin your fun, but we have a homicidal terrorist organization leader who's just on top of that castle.
And she wants to kill all of us, Nim included. So we should head to the docks.
NIM: Um... I don't wanna be killed so let's get the heck out of here.
AELITA: Agreed, c'mon!
This fountain is so beautiful. The lights make it feel alive.
It makes me feel warm.
EMMA: No need to enter the Quarry at this time.
GUARD: Emma? You're not supposed to be out this late! Back to your cell!
EMMA: I have to be more careful!
WHY ARE THEY KEEPING US HERE?!
Just wanted to yell that out. I don't actually care.
Access denied.
EMMA: Visiting the Garden will get me in trouble for sure...
EMMA: No need to go this way.
I was just sitting at home when it happened. I didn't even get a chance to react.
I just can't take it.
SCHOOLBOY: Hm? You want my Mining Kit?
No way, Jose! This Mining Kit is mine...!
But actually... I'm kinda bored, so if you entertain me for a while, I'll give it up!
With a Pokemon battle, of course.
SCHOOLBOY: Yeah, this'll be a blast! Here I come!
D'oh! I wanted that Mining Kit! Oh well, here you go.
BILLY: It was fun, but now I don't have a Mining Kit!
But now I don't have a kit to do my work... Probably gonna starve to death, thanks!
SCHOOLBOY: Then no Mining Kit for you bucko!
Ouchie... I was hurt by a Guard because I thought my Pokemon were strong enough to take 'em!
But it didn't work out the way I wanted... My Jolteon acted so weirdly...
BILLY: Booo, I'm gonna starve!
"Blacksteeple Library."
VALARIE: That was amazing, \PN. The way you bodied her was just...\| It filled my spiteful heart with glee~.
And now you get to stay at the Prestige Room for a night!
Don't get too comfortable, though. We won't be staying.
Remember to\c[6] check the purple books at the library.
I'll meet you at our spot. See ya!
Gained access to the Library!
We'll get that key!
We won't let you down!
Please be safe.
I don't know...
Sure.
I'll pass.
[Map436]
[Map437]
Ampibom don't scare me!
GUARD: W-Wait a minute, isn't that...? Did the S.S. Oceana prisoners escape their cells?!
MOM: We're free and we'll never be enslaved again!
Neved won't stand for this! Your rebellion is fruitless!
GUARD: I've never been much of a battler, that's fine.
But Neved's been battling life for his entire... well, life! You don't have the experience to beat him!
MOM: We don't need experience to handle this situation. Just back off!
GUARD: Neved will deal with all of you! He'll crush your spirits!
BRAIXEN: Saki's good at being annoying and bringing attention to herself, much to our advantage.
ADAM: You think you can get anything from this?
BRAIXEN: Saki used to tinker with programming, machines, and all that.
Fortunately for us, I had to be there to watch her do all that boring stuff, so I picked up a thing or two.
From what I can tell, these Sigils are being powered and controlled from elsewhere.
These panels that appear can only change the local settings.
VALARIE: Local settings?
BRAIXEN: Yeah, like, the intensity of the signals, how aggressive the controlled Pokemon should be.
All of that dark stuff. Really dark.
ADAM: So what you're saying is that we're not able to do anything here.
BRAIXEN: Maybe if we can change the intensity to the lowest setting, some of us can break free.
But that can be changed at any time. So it's unreliable. How annoying!
VALARIE: Hm... Maybe we should stop messing with this for now.
We don't want to be caught, and Braixen needs to get back to the house.
BRAIXEN: Yeah... I'll get going. It was nice meeting you, \PN.
VALARIE: As for us, we should get to the Dining Hall. We can discuss more there.
ADAM: Alright, let's go.
Locked!
SAKI: Wow, it's already all smokey and harsh out here...
VALARIE: Emma and Adam must've noticed that the Sigils have finally died down.
Word of this must've spread, and well... This is the result.
SAKI: With Braixen leading all of the survivors of the S.S. Oceana through the library's hidden passage, everything's falling into place!
VALARIE: We don't know what's happening at the castle yet, though.
For all we know things might be going down poorly. We have to regroup with Emma and Adam.
Then we'll get everyone boarded on the ship. We don't have much time!
SAKI: Roger that! Let's go!
MOM: \PN. Let's fight together this time. With our strength, we're unstoppable!
Let's show them the power we hold!
GUARD: Where do you lot get the idea that you can revolt? Behave yourselves!
ADAM: ...
KENNETH: ...
KETA: Why did you bring me to this insufferably cold island?
Sheridan is more south, I told you that.
NEVED: I just wanted to bring you here so that we could talk.
I, along with you, have been roped into something we would give everything to escape from.
KETA: ...
NEVED: Kenneth.
KETA: It's Keta. That's my Xen Admin name.
NEVED: Alright, Keta. I just wanted to let you know that you have friends here. Even if you don't want them.
Being in Team Xen is a massive burden, and we're all fighting for something, but...
KETA: And just what are you fighting for?
NEVED: ...My daughter, Franchesca. She's been extremely sick and-
KETA: You realize doing this won't save her.
NEVED: H-Huh?
KETA: Team Xen isn't going to save her. No matter how loyal you are.
But we continue to do so because we want that slight glimmer of hope to be true.
We'd give everything for it. Ruin lives, end them. Cause despair.
Even though I know for a fact that this is all for nothing, here I am.
Because I want to protect those I love, but let's face it, Neved.
Everyone we know will suffer because of us.
You'll never save your daughter. Forget about her. She's as good as dead.
NEVED: ...I.
Your words cut deep.
After all I did was try to help you?\| I'll make sure you feel the same pain I do.
I swear to it.
Locked.
I don't have any Pokemon, but I don't need them to whoop you!
It may be too risky to go down these stairs...
"The shadows that shade the earth shall be known in the end.
"The one of raw evil, the one of obsession, the one of betrayal, and the one of greed.
These four shall see the world be lost forever."
You can't read any of this...
MOM: There's no time to go back now!
MOM: Are you ready to go?
MOM: Come, let's leave this wretched prison!
ARIADOS: Ari!
GUARD: Attack!
GUARD: Wh-What? Where did you come from?!
MOM: I don't think you need to worry about that.
You think you've won, but you have no idea what's in store for you all!
GUARD: E-Enough, just surrender!
MOM: I don't think we will. Just stand aside.
GUARD: Neved... Sir...
GUARD: Don't do anything stupid. Just do your job and leave.
VALARIE: This thing is clearly not doing well.
SAKI: Oh mah gawww, finally.
That riddle I gave you, if you can even call it that, was made in 5 minutes!
But you solved it! You're a genius!
SAKI: U rite, tho. Valarie told me to make it on short notice. I didn't have time to think!
SAKI: Tee hee, I knew it was pretty good. Had you fooled! Aha!
Even if it was bad, thanks for telling me it was good. 'Preciate it.
C'mon, everyone's waiting. Let's go!
GUARD: Miss Blakeory, stop running around this instant!
SAKI: Awww, what's wrong, Mr. Guard? Am I causing a scene?
Sorry, but I can do whatever I want! I don't care what you say!
GUARD: Stop this, or you'll regret it!
SAKI: Tell that to my boney Japanese ass!
SAKI: WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP.
BRAIXEN: Oh, this isn't good...
AMBIPOM: Amb!
GUARD: What happened to the Sigils? They just lost power all of a sudden?!
MOM: We've cut the power so now you all are left wide open!
This is so bad...
GUARD: This is so, so, so, so, so, so bad. I don't even know what do right now.
MOM: You let us leave. Do nothing.
GUARD: ...I
Let's get em!
One sec...
It was barely a riddle.
I was stumped.
[Map438]
Locked.
They give us these weird soups. Like it's just a bunch of scraps poured into water.
GUARD: Emma? You're not supposed to be out this late! Back to your cell!
EMMA: I have to be more careful!
SAKI: You made it just in time! Valarie's on a roll! C'mon!
GUARD: The battle has ended.\| Valarie is the winner!
OPPONENT: M-My Prestige Room... The luxury... The food... the luxury, again...
All gone within seconds...
VALARIE: Wooo, and that's all she wrote, folks! Thank you all for coming!
ADAM: Guess I did her work for nothing.
SAKI: Nah, I'll just use what work you did! Yay, day off! Sorta.
ADAM: ...
SAKI: Hold on a sec, take a look up there \PN!\| It's the Warden!
NEVED: ...
See to it that Valarie gains access to the Prestige Room for the night.
GUARD: Yes sir, right away, sir.
SAKI: Huh... Still no sight of your friend. That's so... odd.
VALARIE: Hey guys. I see you made it just in time to see my victory!
SAKI: Valarie!!!
VALARIE: Good day to you, Saki. Who's the new kid?
SAKI: That's \PN, they're a new friend of ours!
VALARIE: Nice to meet you, \PN. My name is Valarie Kersey.
Gym Leader of Akuwa Town, owner of the Akuwa Town Aquarium, and Water-Show Performer!
I see you met my other two friends. Who just so happen to be Gym Leaders themselves.
SAKI: Haha, oh yeah. I forgot to mention that earlier, but it's true!
I am the Steel-type Leader of West Gearen City, and Adam is the Rock-type Leader of the uh...
ADAM: The desert. I came from the desert.
SAKI: Teehee, yeah, that.
VALARIE: You must've arrived overnight. I didn't see you yesterday.
SAKI: They did. Looks like they were captured along with a friend. Her name was Aelita, or somethin'.
VALARIE: Hm... Aelita...\| I don't think I've heard about her. Let alone seen her.
That's weird. Usually everyone has free reign to roam the castle at their leisure.
SAKI: Newcomers usually aren't allowed in the Garden right away, so maybe we should head back to the mines for info?
Maybe someone's seen her or, I dunno.
VALARIE: Seems like the best we can do. Alright gang, let's head back to the mines and see what we can find.
GUARD: That's it, the battle is over.
Emma is the winner!
VALARIE: This really sucks. So close, too.
EMMA: It was a good battle.
EMMA: ...
EMMA: There,\| was that enough for you, Neved?
NEVED: Heh, I guess she's good after all.
Be sure to bring Emma to the Prestige Room later.
GUARD: Yes sir.
VALARIE: Emma, you...?
EMMA: Neved's room isn't this way.
You're not allowed any further down. Your cell is on this floor.
Can I get a COLD glass of water? We live in the NORTH. COME ON.
GUARD: Huh? You want a mining kit? I suppose you will need one of those.
It's a shame, I already gave our last kit out to some kid.
If you want the Mining Kit I just gave out, you'll have to find that kid.
New shipments won't come in until tomorrow.
He was a schoolboy. Typically hangs around outside the castle.
GUARD: The schoolboy typically hangs around the upper floors of the castle outside.
Have fun getting that kit from him... Or not. I don't particularly care.
The Garden isn't allowed for newcomers. Get lost.
VALARIE: Nice, that's another win under my belt!
Thank you all for your support! I couldn't have done it without you!
VALARIE: You battled wonderfully as well! You're very strong.
BILLY: D'oh! This was my last chance to get out of working for the day...
Guess I'll starve, thanks!
VALARIE: Oh... I-I'm sorry?
BILLY: Oh yes, I bet you are. Thanks, bye!
GUARD: Next.
VALARIE: Alright, who's my final opponent?
???: That would be me.
VALARIE: Emma...?
GUARD: Are you sure about this, Neved?
NEVED: We'll see how she does. We'll decide after.
EMMA: Let's have a good fight, Valarie. I won't hold back.
VALARIE: ...
Heh, alright, if that's how it is. I won't hold back either!
Excuse me, please.
ADAM: Looks like Valarie lost her match. That means no Prestige Room for her.
VALARIE: No Prestige Room, no food for tonight, and an uncomfortable bed.
A cold night with nothing but suffering and sadness.
ADAM: So basically what everyone else deals with on the daily? Yep.
VALARIE: Yeah, I know...
ADAM: Fortunately for you, every time you compete at these things, I do double the work just in case.
So you won't be without food tonight.
VALARIE:\ts[1] ADAAAAM!\| Did I ever tell you that you're literally a lifesaver?!
ADAM: Yeah, yeah. Just thank Saki for giving me the standard of picking up over my lazy friends.
VALARIE: That's completely fair and reasonable.
ADAM: Yeah, it is.
Val, that's the first time you've lost here. What happened?
VALARIE: That Emma girl was very strong. I think I got too comfortable with my status.
But something about her is... off.
Why was she talking to the Warden as if they had some sort of deal?
ADAM: Dunno, but I'm hungry. Let's go eat something.
VALARIE: Say no more. You're already speaking my language.
Let's make our way to the dining hall!
-Gained access to the Battleground and the Fountain!-
Cold nights fall upon this castle. I wonder if these nights will be our last.
VALARIE: Hey \PN. Dinner's not that great, as usual.
I'm saving a bit for Saki since she's been forcibly placed back into her room with no dinner for the night.
ADAM: Hah.
VALARIE: Not funny, Adam! She took one for the team there.
ADAM: It's still funny.
VALARIE: Hey, so apparently Emma's been in here ever since she lost the tourney.
ADAM: I fail to see why that's such an issue?
VALARIE: You don't find it weird that she's just sitting there? Doing nothing? Not even eating?
Almost as if she's waiting for something to happen?
ADAM: Val, I think you're being a litttleeee paranoid.
GUARD: Emma, here is your Dinner for the day.
EMMA: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Oh, um, I think you dropped something?
GUARD: I dropped something?
GUARD: Hey! What are you doing?!
EMMA: Sorry, you had some dust on your shoulder.
Thought I'd look after you and brush it off...
GUARD: Oh, hey. Thanks. Have a good night, Emma.
EMMA: You too.
VALARIE: Okay, that was very strange. You can't say that wasn't.
ADAM: There's something up with her, but we knew that already.
VALARIE: I dunno, I just have this feeling about her.\c[6] Like, she isn't who she says she is.
Whatever, you're right. I'm thinking about this far too much. I'm just going to eat and call it a night.
Good. Night.
Sleep?
???: Hm...? Who's that in there? Rustling around in their sleep?
Looks like I have a new neighbor! Sick.
???: Come closer to the wall, silly! We can talk to each other better if we do!
???: There ya go! I can hear you much clearer now, teehee.
So how'd you get stuck here in this dump?
???: Oh, you know... Just chillin' with some friends and then randomly abducted. The usual story.
???: Man, I feel that, bro! I was just minding my own damn business and then I'm up and abducted! What the hell!
Hey, you sound cool! I like you! Let me introduce myself!
My name is Saki! Saki Blakeory!
SAKI: Huh...? You know who I am? I mean, I do stream online with my friend, Erick.
So I'm not that surprised! Plus, my name is quite famous!
Oh, but you and a friend were both looking for me to fix some sort of machine?
Well, I'm your gal! I can fix anything!
GUARD: Morning has come. Everyone up and at it.
SAKI: Hot.\| Let's get the frick outta here.
SAKI: Heyyy...\| You're the person I ran over with my trolley at the Chrisola Hotel! Good times!
Well, since we've already met before, that means that we're already friends!
SAKI: Yay! Now we've met in person now! You know what that means? We're friends!
You said you were here with your friend, right? You must've gotten here overnight.
Where is she? Do you know?
SAKI: The guards said they had a special cell for Aelita? Hm... That's not good.
Let's not worry about that for now. I'm sure you're very confused, ye?
Why don't I give you the tour around here? I'll help clear things up.
Don't lag behind!
\ts[12] Night 1 - The Hooded Girl.
GUARD: \PN, get in.
AELITA: What about me? Where am I supposed to go?
GUARD: We have a special cell laid out just for you, don't worry.
Please follow me this way.
GUARD: The battles will begin soon. Are you ready?
This tournament requires at least 3 Pokemon.
Additionally, the tournament will consist of three battles. Winner gets a night at the Prestige Room.
GUARD: You don't have enough Pokemon!
GUARD: The tournament only allow three Pokemon. Please choose your best three.
GUARD: Don't waste my time.
GUARD: Let's begin.
GUARD: This is the beginning of the Blacksteeple Tourney.
You all know the rules. I don't have to explain them.
Begin.
TECH: I want the Prestige Room so I can throw stuff at people from above.
Isn't that what's best for all of us?
My dream!
TECH: My dream! It's all ruined! I cannot live anymore!
TOURIST: Man... I was just visiting Akuwa Town for the Aquarium. I'm just tryna make it back to Kalos, y'feel?
GUARD: Begin.
Can I leave yet?
TOURIST: I'll just leave now.
CROWD: Did you hear about that Emma girl?
CROWD: I heard she's working for the Warden...
CROWD: She's a traitor. An enemy. We should take her down when we get the chance.
VALARIE: Knock her off that high horse, \PN!
GUARD: The final battle for the Prestige Room shall now commence.
EMMA: Don't hold back,\| or you will lose.
Guess I lost. You won. It was a good battle.
VALARIE: Hmph, not so tough now, are we?
EMMA: What can I say? \PN is an extraordinary trainer.
I wasn't good enough, and lost. That's how it goes.
EMMA: Underneath the candelabra in the Prestige Room.
I've left something there for you. Don't forget, the candelabra.
NEVED: Guard, make sure to bring \PN to the Prestige Room at the end of the day.
GUARD: The battles are over for now, please step aside.
Some people are angry about being captured, but we're living through a major event in history!
ADAM: Saki's been put into her cell for misconduct. Hah.
\ts[5] Day 2 - Blacksteeple Battalion
\ts[5] Night 2 - Prestigious Secret.
\ts[5] Day 3 - A New Friend.
\ts[5] Night 3 - Bittersweet Reunion.
\ts[5] Day 4 - Union.
There's a note from Saki on your bed!
"SAKI: Um, \PN? There's trouble at "you know where"... Please come meet us."
SAKI: \PN!
SAKI: \PN, a new person showed up overnight again, but this time's different!
She showed up here by mistake. She wasn't abducted!
People are crowding around her upstairs!
C'mon!
SAKI: Hey \PN, did you miss me? Probably not, but who needs the details?
SAKI: So I met up with Val and Adam last night and we decided that we want you to meet a new friend!
But this new friend is hidden! I left a clue for you at the library upstairs.
Check the bookcase with the purple books! Got it? Get it? Yeck Heah!
I'm training physically so that I can fight the Guards without my Pokemon!
But I'm most worried about the Warden! He's stacked!
SAKI: Hey, so where'd you come from?
EMMA: I, uh...
SAKI: What's your name?
EMMA: It's Emmalie-- But just call me Emma.
ADAM: Don't overload her with questions, Saki. She's been through enough, probably.
SAKI: Oops, yeah. Sorry about that.
EMMA: No, it's okay.
VALARIE: Why are you wearing that hood?
EMMA: It was to block my face from the storm, but... Now I'm too uncomfortable to take it off.
VALARIE: I see, well, my name is Valarie. That's Saki, Adam, and...
EMMA: ...\PN.
SAKI: Huh...?\| Yeah, that's \PN.
VALARIE: How did you know that?
EMMA: I... Sorry, I have to go now. There's something I have to prepare for.
ADAM: Way to deflect the question.
SAKI: It's whatever! She's got the right idea, though! There's work to do for the day.
My day off was nice, but I'm hungry af. So I better get choppin' those weeds in the Garden.
VALARIE: My day off was great, too. The Prestige Room really is nice.
So nice that I think I'm going to try and win another night again.
ADAM: Hmph... maybe I wanted to win a night.
VALARIE: O-Oh, if you want to take a crack at it, then by all means, do so!
ADAM: It's fine, that was a joke. Good luck.
VALARIE: Heh, thanks. We should meet up at the Dining Hall later tonight to discuss our plan.
SAKI: Revolution plans over dinner? Heck yeah!
ADAM: Hey, what do you say you come down to the mines with me today?
You're still not allowed into the Garden, and you need to fill a daily quota.
That is, unless you like to starve.
By the way, there's a shop just south of here that you should visit.
You can get a Mining Kit there. You'll need it.
EMMA: Nice battle today. I'll just be in this room until I head back to the cell today.
I was reviving one of my fossils at the ACDMC Center when they attacked.
Can I go home? I just wanted my Aerodactyl.
EMMA: Shhhhh! Be quiet! You're going to get me in trouble!
Listen, just sit in there and pretend to be me. Don't make anymore noise!
I'll be back later, just...\| Just behave!
EMMA: First thing's first, I should check to see if that Battleship is still at the docks.
That ship is the key to getting everyone off this hell of an island.
EMMA: Valarie? Saki? We need to talk. Something's come up.
Hello? Can you hear me?\| Please pick up!
EMMA: Something's wrong... Why isn't Valarie answering?
This isn't good. I need to go find \PN.
EMMA: \PN, thank goodness you're awake!
EMMA: \PN, things have gone terribly wrong!
I went to Neved's room as planned, but he told me something that can ruin everything.
Apparently Madame X is making her way here to the island as we speak...
She's expected to get here by the afternoon. If that happens...
None of us will be able to take her on, no matter how strong we all are combined.
EMMA: I tried contacting Valarie, but she won't respond.
I fear that she and the others may have been caught, or something.
But if they were, I'm sure Neved would've said something to me, so I'm not sure.
You're going to have to go check on them. I would do it, but Neved will find out I'm gone.
Here, I'll get you out of your cell...
EMMA: I don't know... I've tried contacting them like we planned, but they won't respond.
I fear they might've been caught or something...
EMMA: N-No, don't lose hope just yet! We still have our plan!
If we can successfully get through this before making it to the afternoon, this will be easy!
But that's why I'm here... I've tried contacting Valarie, but she won't respond.
I'm going to need you to go find them yourself!
I would do it, but... I have a feeling Neved's keeping a close eye on me right now.
I wonder if he suspects that... No, that can't be possible...
EMMA: We don't have time to wait, once you get down there, deactivate the Sigils.
I'll go down to the cellar and save Aelita from her confinement and lead the rebellion with her.
Huge problem, though... Getting there is going to cause us trouble.
The Prestige Room has been completely locked out, and because of Madame X's arrival, all tournaments have been canceled.
But I have an idea. A few days ago I latched a sticker on a guard without his notice and began to monitor his movements.
He went through the doors in the cafeteria, then somehow later appeared through the library at night.
That's how I found out about the tunnel from there to the secret hideout behind the garden.
Wh-What I'm trying to say is, there are dozens of tunnels and passageways throughout the castle.
The one from the Prestige Room can't be the only one that exists.
I believe the very same passageway from the library may eventually lead there if you do enough digging.
Going through the library itself may be too risky. Going through the entrance I opened up by the hideout may be our best bet.
Good luck, \PN... We're going to need it.
Blacksteeple Castle gets terrible blizzards at night.
The island is small. I wonder if any ships have ever crashed into it?
VALARIE: Uh, hey!\| You don't look so good. Was the Warden rough on you?
SAKI: You know, when someone says "scatter", it means you're supposed to run in different directions!
Can't just stand around and wait to get thrown in jail, yo.
VALARIE: This wouldn't have happened if you just thought about what you were doing.
SAKI: I admit, it was a bit hasty of me, but, oh well! Sorry \PN, my bad.
VALARIE: Saki, what are you doing anyway?
SAKI: I'm working on my next invention! Not sure on the name yet, but "Rose" sounds like a good name.
VALARIE: Could this "invention" help us out in some way?
SAKI: Definitely not. There's no way I could build something like this on this island.
VALARIE: That's disappointing...
So, \PN, I'm sure you're very eager to share your experiences with the Warden.
What happened up there? He didn't threaten you did he?
\PN explained their interaction with Neved.
SAKI: Um... suddenly I don't feel so well.
VALARIE: Why is the Warden keeping Aelita isolated from everyone else?
ADAM: It's no use thinking about it now, we don't have enough information.
Honestly, I think we should all just call it a day. It's been long, annoying, and I'm done with this.
VALARIE: Well... I guess you're right. We should have a reset.
I'll try to think of something for tomorrow.
We're expecting a blizzard. Get warm and comfortable, it'll be a cold night.
SAKI: Okay, so, this is the main floor of Blacksteeple Castle.
To the north, you can find the Throne Room. If you take a left, you'll reach the Garden...
And if you take a right, you can find the dining hall, and eventually the Warden's room.
SAKI: Follow me!
SAKI: If we go a bit south, you can see the exit. That'll bring you to the front courtyard!
SAKI: To the right, all the way down the hall, you'll find the Battleground!
It's a little too early, so the room's not open. But this is where my friend Valarie likes to hang around.
For now, let's exit the building and head east to the Quarry! That's where my friends are right now, I think!
VALARIE: Hey \PN. Did Saki meet up with you?
VALARIE: Great, we're pretty excited. We've been considering this since we met you.
But if we want to get together and devise a plan to get off this wretched island, we're gonna need all of us to do it.
VALARIE: Yep, she's a friend we've had here on the island, but we kept her existence a secret.
EMMA: Morning Valarie, \PN.
EMMA: ...?
EMMA: Is there a problem?
VALARIE: Were you aware of the rumor going on around about you?
The one that says you're working for the Warden?
EMMA: ...That much is true. It's not a secret.
VALARIE: We don't talk to people like you. Please go away.
EMMA: Anyway, \PN. Have you considered signing up for the tournament at the Battleground?
I think it could be fun. I'll be signing up as well.
VALARIE: Didn't you hear what I said? We're not interested!
EMMA: Can you please go away? You're making this so much more difficult than it needs to be.
VALARIE: As you wish.\| Let's go, \PN.
EMMA: Whatever, you didn't stand a chance anyway.
VALARIE: What?
EMMA: I said, \PN wouldn't stand a chance anyway.\| No way in hell they would.
Only weak people get stuck here as prisoners.
I mean just look at me. I'm strong and now I'm on top.
VALARIE: Change of plans, \PN. You should sign up and beat her into embarrassment.
That thing we arranged with you can wait a bit.
So it's settled then? Good. I'll be waiting for you, \PN.
VALARIE: Let's go, \PN. I'll help you sign up. It's easy.
EMMA: Phew...\| That worked. Okay, let's do this.
VALARIE: Alright, you're all signed up!
VALARIE: The tournament shall start soon. I'll be watching and cheering you on.
Good luck, \PN.
I saw the Warden with some girl with purple hair earlier.
It was very quick, though. I don't know where they went.
I did all my work, so give me my food! Me hungry!
???:\ts[1] Heeeeeey, \PN, over here!
Yes
No
How did you?
You know, the usual
What about the plan?
Where are the others?
Well, we're dead.
She did.
New friend?
[Map439]
DAMIEN: Celine was the one in charge of performing this ritual every year, annually.
But when she completed the ritual, she was attacked.
The person who attacked her was Madame X. This was Madame X's first known appearance.
The battle between them ended in a draw, but Madame X was able to get away with the Dark Stone.
When mother appeared in Alamissa, she was near death...
That image of her was burned into my memory.
Her eyes were empty, she clutched the Light Stone towards her chest, and for a while she didn't let go.
When her stare grew to its emptiest, she collapsed.
ALEXANDRA: As a result of her wounds, she lost the use of her left arm, and right leg.
Using Black Shards, we were able to create prosthetics for her, but...
Naturally, she wasn't as strong as she once was.
She had to think of a plan, and quickly.
Aevium was still in recovery after the Calamity. The population was low, and as such, there weren't many powerful trainers around.
Celine had heard that a region far off had implemented a League in which its challenge was an appealing feature.
It brought trainers from far away, and it even budded new talent within its lands.
She knew that if the same thing took place here, she could protect the region from the threat that was Madame X.
As a result, Celine decided that she herself would recreate this same scenario in Aevium, and so she did.
DAMIEN: Celine grew up in rough conditions, at this point she was already well trained, and even had natural skill.
Because of her strength she made a name for herself. Celine, The Silent Sweeper.
She'd take down teams of 6 with only one Pokemon within minutes.
She gained a following, and with this, she connected herself with influential people within the Region.
Even if they weren't trainers themselves, she explained the situation, and offered to train whoever needed it.
Thus the first half of the Elite 8 formed.
KANON: Once that was complete, she recruited 3 of the top students at Axis High to become her assistants and scouts.
They gathered hundreds of applicants, and over the time of three weeks, gathered 18 potential Gym Leaders.
KANON: Her plan was working! News spread of the League all over the world!
Trainers from each corner began flocking. Talent within the region appeared too. Everything was going as planned.
But Celine became paranoid. If Madame X attacked the Elite 4 and herself, and won, the league itself would crumble.
In order to prevent this, she built the Pokemon League in secret with the original Elite 4.
When it was finished, she recruited four more Elite members and designated them as Gatekeepers.
Only once all four gatekeepers are defeated, would the League show itself.
???: Out of all the places you could've gone, this is the place you chose?
???: I'm tired of running... I'm here to face things directly.
ALEXANDRA: Things will work out if we just talk about it.
DAMIEN: Alexandra, what are you even plan-
ALEXANDRA: Ah!
DAMIEN: What?
DAMIEN: Huh? I thought you said they'd be here tomorrow?
ALEXANDRA: \PN, my friend! It's so good to see you!
ALEXANDRA: Ah, \PN. You made it!
If you're here, that means Kanon was able to find you?
HUEY: Did you find the Chief, \PN?
ALEXANDRA: ...Huh?
I'm sorry, but I'm a little confused. Who are these two?
REINA: I'm Reina, and this is Huey. Nice to meet you.
HUEY: Hi!
ALEXANDRA: Please forgive me, but I did not request anyone other than \PN.
HUEY: Request? What are you talking about?
We got into this huge ruckus with some Bladestar Grunts and they teleported us into this... chasm?
So we didn't really come here because you requested anyone.
ALEXANDRA: You all fell into the Voidal Chasm?!
But, I see... That means Kanon was not the one who brought you here.
Consider yourselves very lucky.
People who fall into the chasm, seldom make it out.
That being said, it must be fate that you ended up in this village, \PN.
As I requested Kanon to find you and bring you here in the first place.
DAMIEN: Alexandra, leave these children out of this.
You're involving them in something that they shouldn't be responsible for.
ALEXANDRA: I can't say anything for Reina and Huey, but \PN has been involved in this long before my request.
DAMIEN: Sister, please. I understand your position, but...
It's my job to protect you, so let me deal with this instead.
ALEXANDRA: ...
DAMIEN: Everyone, I'm going to have to ask you to leave immediately.
REINA: We want to leave, but we can't leave by ourselves, Birdbrain!
DAMIEN: B-Birdbrain?!
REINA: Yes, BIRDBRAIN. If you're rude, I'll be rude back.
All we want is for someone to escort us back to Grand Dream City.
DAMIEN: A-And I will gladly do it. Just don't waste time and meet me outside.
ALEXANDRA: \PN, please stay. This is really important.
There's something I want to prove to Damien, but I'm still waiting on two other people to arrive.
I ask that you at least remain here until tomorrow.
HUEY: \PN, I think you should stay and hear what she has to say.
Maybe we should stay for at least a night.
Whaddya say, Reina?
REINA: ...Sigh, I guess sticking around for at least one night wouldn't hurt.
ALEXANDRA: Thank you. Y-You won't regret this, I promise.
I have to run some errands now, but I'll be back tomorrow.
ALEXANDRA: \PN, my friend... Thank you for coming.
ALEXANDRA: \PN... Thank you for coming.
DAMIEN: \PN, I would like to thank you for finding Alexandra.
But I would also like to thank Ren for fending off her attacker.
REN: It was no problem... I just did what I had to do.
DAMIEN: As for you, Alexandra. Please, tell me your thought process here.
Because I'm going to be brutally honest here. You're looking like a giant idiot here.
You're just going to believe anything anyone ever tells you?
ALEXANDRA: I'm sorry I'm a human being who wants to help people who need it.
DAMIEN: What a saint. You could've just sent me after them.
After all it's my job to complete tasks like that.
ALEXANDRA: Sigh...
Whatever, that's in the past. I don't want to dwell on it anymore.
As for what I called you here for.
HUEY: Oh, are we interrupting something?
ALEXANDRA: Um, Damien? Who's the boy with the fiery hair?
DAMIEN: Another friend of \PN.
REN: Reina... You should really stand outside for this one.
REINA: Nu-uh, I'm not going anywhere, Ren! Not until you give me a proper explanation.
HUEY: W-Wait, Ren... As in your brother?? The one you were looking for?
REINA: Uh... yeah.
KANON: Sorry, Alexandra. I told them only \PN was requested, but they tailed us.
ALEXANDRA: N-No, it's okay. More friends! They're more than welcome here.
Listen, I had an entire speech prepared. I even invited an old friend, but...
It looks like he didn't show up, unfortunately.
There's something I need to ask of \PN and Ren. Something I can only trust these two to do.
REINA: Yikes, I'm feeling a little left out here.
KANON: You and Huey aren't even supposed to be here so shush.
HUEY: He's got us there, Reina.
REINA: Hmph.
ALEXANDRA: Like I was saying before, there's a task I only trust \PN and Ren with.
\PN do you know what Zone Zero is?
It's the ruins of a city that used to be the pinnacle of Aevium's development.
But during the tragedy, it was completely wiped out.
Well, beyond Zone Zero is Eclysia Pyramid. It used to sleep beneath the ground, but was mysteriously unearthed recently.
Within Eclysia Pyramid, the Spring of Rejuvenation lies.
I... I need to get to that spring as fast as possible. Which is where you come in.
REN: Do you need us to escort you there or something?
ALEXANDRA: I don't need an escort, no. However, I require you all to take care of something.
I tried to get there on my own a while ago, but I was met with a massive sandstorm.
It is not unusual for this area to have sandstorms, but this was a very different phenomenon.
It was stronger, denser, more violent, and seemingly never ending.
That's when I saw it. The thing creating the entire thing!
It was a being of the Rift.
REN: A Dimensional Rift?? In the desert? I don't remember Nastasia telling me about a Rift being in the desert...
ALEXANDRA: That's because Team Xen does not control this Rift.
It is under the control of Bladestar.
REN: It seems like Bladestar has technology to create Rifts now too.
ALEXANDRA: I believe this to be the reason why my friend I mentioned earlier did not show.
Ryland, my friend, is an Admin of Bladestar.
REN: And lemme guess... You want \PN and I to destroy the Rift so that the storm will subside?
ALEXANDRA: Yes, you two have the experience needed to accomplish this mission.
REN: I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I've seen the way you battle, Alexandra.
Your strength is... terrifying. I don't understand why you would need our help?
ALEXANDRA: Please forgive this selfish statement.
But if anything were to happen to me... I cannot afford... to die now.
DAMIEN: If only you followed that sentiment earlier today.
REN: I... understand.
REINA: There's just no way you said that. Am I hearing wrong?
You're just fine with killing off my brother and \PN just to save yourself?
Give me one reason I shouldn't walk over there and slap the shit-
REN: Reina, you're not involved. Stop it.
REINA: Are you just going to let her-
REN: I am. I've already decided.
ALEXANDRA: Ren...
DAMIEN: Honestly, Alexandra. Just let me take care of the damn Rift.
Why go out of your way to involve these children?
Children that have NOTHING to do with ANY of this!
ALEXANDRA: I've learned that \PN has been a part of taking down numerous Rifts and Xen members.
Even going as far as to gain the title of the "Team Xen Destroyer".
And Ren is part of Team Xen himself.
I cannot see how they are not involved.
And they will continue to be involved. Even if I didn't send them off.
DAMIEN: ...
I just... don't know what to say to you anymore.
ALEXANDRA: *Sigh*...
REN: Don't worry, Alexandra. I'll take care of the mission.
I don't know about \PN, but...
I will head out for Alamissa Urben and then Zone Zero first thing tomorrow.
ALEXANDRA: Thank you so much, Ren. I really appreciate it.
ALEXANDRA: I don't expect you to understand or trust me, but I'm begging you.
Please accompany Ren to Zone Zero.
If it's a reward you're worried about, then don't. I already have one prepared for you both.
Damien told me about the conversation he had with you at the hospital, so...
I will also tell you more about... I believe she calls herself Nim now.
That being said, you are welcome to stay in the village tonight.
I've arranged a room for you all down at the Inn. It isn't much, but it's all we have.
Please consider what I've asked of you. It's for the good of everyone.
ALEXANDRA: I see... It looks like we're all here then.\| Welcome, friends.
ERIN: So, why'd you call us all the way here? What did you want to talk about?
ALEXANDRA: I'm just going to get right into it. You won't find anymore hesitation from me. Ren gave me a letter. A letter that was addressed to the descendant of Nymiera,
from Nymiera.
\PN, Huey, Reina, and Ren found this during their time in Hiyoshi.
I read every single line,\| twice,\| so that I didn't misread anything stated.
But before I get to the letter, there's something else I must address first.
Erin, Alice, Allen, Melia.
You four... bore the sigil of the archetype at the Pyramid. Do you remember?
MELIA: I remember something like that... yes.
ALEXANDRA: Going forward, I require your trust, so to do so, I will be truthful about myself, as I haven't before. My name is Alexandra Rhaela. I am a
member of the Elite 8, the highest ranking member, number one.
VENAM: Y-You? You're part of the Elite 8?!
ALICE: I... vaguely know what that means, but someone else will have to teach me more later.
ALLEN: I'll explain what that means later, don't worry.
ALEXANDRA: Yes, and as for the Champion, and the one who created the league itself...
Was my mother,\|\c[6] Celine.\| Celine Rhaela
MELIA: So your mother is the Champion... I don't think I would've ever guessed that.
VENAM: At this point I thought the Champion didn't exist. There's been no talk of them at all.
I think I even remember rhetorically asking you about the Champion on the Grand Express...
It really is a small world out there.
ALEXANDRA: I remember that as well. To elaborate on my mother, I'm going to have to explain why the League came to be.
DAMIEN: The League itself is\c[6] superficial.
This all began over 7 years ago, when our mother went to the top of Mt. Ruin.
Before Mt. Ruin was taken over by Team Xen, it belonged to our people.
On the top of this mountain, an annual ritual took place there. Upon completion, the mountain would present two stones.
That being the Dark Stone, and the Light Stone.
[Map440]
I will stop anymore guards from entering. We must gain control of the castle...
HAPPINY: Happini!
HAUNTER: Hauunt!
Here I was in my jail cell and then suddenly some guy yelled out "Riot!!!"!
I didn't even give it a second thought and charged out!
I don't have any Pokemon, but this Happiny's been wrecking stuff with me!
NEVED: So, you've come.
Do you know what the price to pay for treason is?
EMMA: Neved, this isn't a game. Give me the key.\| Now.
NEVED: No.
EMMA: Neved! Do you understand what you're subjecting the people here to if you don't?!
How can you sit there on that throne, fully knowing what our fate is to be.
The passengers of the S.S. Oceana, the people of Akuwa Town.
All will be lost to your leader, Madame X.
Please, do the right thing! I'm begging!
NEVED: I am aware. It's all for the sake of my daughter.
The lives of strangers, or the life of the one person that matters to me most?
People die everyday. This is a sacrifice I'm willing to make for her.
Perhaps she doesn't approve. Maybe she will hate me forever.
But the gift I've given her will keep her safe.
AELITA: I was someone's daughter too, you know? But you tortured me...
For a reason I still don't know. You kept me locked up, away from \PN.
You wish no harm on her, but you did what scares you most to me.
Do you feel any guilt at all?
NEVED: You are Keta's daughter. That is all it takes for me to resent you.
But enough chatter. We all know what this will end with.
"The lives of strangers, or the life of the one person who means the most to me."
I've chosen my path.\| I know my answer.
And for you all, I chose death.
AELITA: And we chose life! \PN, let's go!
My answer... My resolve... Did it hold no conviction? No power? What will fate bring me...?
NEVED: ...
EMMA: This belongs to us now.
Emma snatched away the Ship Key!
EMMA: I don't want to damn your daughter to her fate, but this isn't right.
Whatever you think the solution is... it's not what this is.
NEVED: And what do you know? You know nothing.
All of you are ignorant to our situation.
AELITA: It doesn't matter if we're ignorant. We fight for what we believe in.
This castle's mission failed because we had the resolve to see our belief through.
???: Is that what you think?\| If that's the case, I'm here to challenge that belief.
???: Yveeee!
NEVED: S-She's here? So early?
AELITA: This is...
EMMA: Madame X...
NEVED: Ma'am, I...
MADAMEX: Enough. I don't want to hear it.
I put you in charge of my castle, and this is what you have to show?
A disturbingly incompetent display, but I suppose I didn't expect anything more from you to begin with.
NEVED: ...Forgive me.
MADAMEX: These children...? These are the ones that gave you this much trouble?
Hm... But these aren't ordinary trainers.
Aelita from Sheridan Village.\c[6] The shadow of her former self.
The mystery girl, Emma, the one supposedly on her way to Neverwinter.
EMMA: ...!
MADAMEX: And finally, \PN. The one I've heard so much about.
In fact, you're the one who's caused me the most amount of trouble.
You were the one who inspired me to give this wretched castle a purpose.
Ahah... I suppose one would call it fate that we would encounter each other like this.
What countless strings of events has fate brought about?
AELITA: Don't talk about us like you know who we are!
EMMA: Aelita, don-
MADAMEX: Your soul is fueled with fire. Fire that doesn't seem to belong to you.
How curious...
AELITA: Doesn't... Belong to me?
EMMA: Guys... We can't be here right now. We have to go.
MADAMEX: Go? No, that can't happen.\| This is your final stand.
EMMA: \PN...!
MADAMEX: You continue to impress me, but your impressions only get you so far.
Fine then, if you wish to save your friends, let's see what your strength can really do.
Father, I have lost...
AELITA: Th-That was...
MADAMEX: ...This outcome. I did not expect it.
I can see why my Grunts and Executives have had trouble with you in the past.
It's just like I said prior, you are no ordinary trainer.
EMMA: No ordinary trainer...?
MADAMEX: However this just confirms that establishing this place was the correct move.
Now we will continue with what we started.
AELITA: We won, but can we keep going?
EMMA: No, we're at our wit's end! We gotta go!
MADAMEX: No more running, no more cowering.
MADAMEX: Somehow I expected more to come from you, \PN.
It is clear to me now that the only reason why you made it this far was because my subjects were incompetent.
You can't trust anyone to do anything. It always has to come from yourself.
But you all don't understand that sentiment, do you?
You go on about this so called unity of friendship, and then lose tact when the gun is pointed to your head.
Don't be ashamed of yourselves, though. That is human nature, but I won't fall into such a category.
EMMA: We're at our wit's end... We gotta get out of here.
It all ends with you, \PN!
EMMA: \PN!
EMMA:\ts[1] What?\| My disguise...!
EMMA:\ts[1] This can't be...!
MADAMEX: What is going on here?
NEVED: I... I don't know.
AELITA: What's happening to Emma?!
MADAMEX: ...
MADAMEX: What is the meaning of this?
AELITA: This girl... is Emma?
MADAMEX: It cannot be...
???: Ungh...
???: Ugh, that did not feel good at all.
???: Huh?! Wait, no...
???: I... Do you know who I am?
???: ...
MADAMEX: I knew it. I felt it. Our bond did not dissipate.
When I was told of your death, I had no choice but to believe it... However...
I knew deep within my core, that you had not left this world.
\c[6]Melia!
NEVED: That's... impossible. Zetta said-
MADAMEX: Zetta is absent. So is Geara and that traitorous Professor.
What I see before me is worth more than anything this establishment could ever achieve.
Physical proof that things have not yet ended for us.
I've long awaited this day, and now it has finally come!
MELIA: I've done the same, but it won't be the conclusion you're looking for.
I came to this island to rescue my friend. A friend that rescued me so long ago.
MELIA: Of course! I would never abandon you, \PN.
No matter what circumstance. Through time, space...
You are my trusted friend and I won't ever forget what you've done for me.
That being said, I haven't saved you yet, and I'm not sure how I'm going to.
MELIA: Don't thank me yet. We haven't gotten out of this.
She's still a threat, and I'm not sure how we're going to deal with it.
AELITA: \PN, don't be rude! If it weren't for her, I doubt things would've gone as smoothly as it did...!
MELIA: I wouldn't call it smooth, but... I appreciate it anyway.
You can say what you will, but as for right now, we gotta get out of here.
I'm just not sure how...
MADAMEX: Uncertainty is a weakness. When you hesitate, you lose everything.
THIS time, I won't hesitate. I'm prepared to lose even myself for it.
AELITA: On that note, I think we should... RUN!
MADAMEX: Not this time. Not again.
MADAMEX: End of the line!
NASTASIA: Ma'am.
MADAMEX: Have you brought him? The one I've detailed.
NASTASIA: Yes. Please, come forth. Introduce yourselves.
REN: ...
Hello, Ma'am. My name is Ren.
NASTASIA: Ren used to be comrades with \PN and the rest.
But based on what he's told me, if accurate, would display the\c[6] attributes of the one we're looking for.
MADAMEX: And just why would one of \PN's comrades want to betray them?
REN: ...Sigh.
\PN and the others betrayed me first. I've decided that this is the best course of action.
MADAMEX: Hmph, very well then. But know this, betray me and that marks the end of your pitiful existence.
REN: Don't worry, that won't happen.
NASTASIA: Great. If that's all, we'll begin our way to the Shadow HQ to retrieve the data we lost on Carotos.
Where do you want us to relocate ourselves afterwards?
MADAMEX: There's a transit system that was built to connect the lab and Grand Dream City.
Make your way there, drop off the data, and make your way back to Headquarters.
NASTASIA: Understood, Ma'am.
Ren, let's go.
MADAMEX: Day by day, the end comes nearer.
\PN, Melia, Aelita...
I look forward to the day our paths cross again.
For that day will be the fated one.
VIVILLON: Vivi!
Locked.
NEVED: This is what you're looking for, correct?
I always keep the key to my ship around my neck.
If you wish to gain access to my ship, you better make your way to the pinnacle of Blacksteeple Castle.
Make haste. Your time is running out.
GUARD: Honestly, who doesn't like a nice cup of anarchy? I sure do!
VALARIE: Adam and I have this floor covered!
You gotta confront Neved and get that key! We're rooting for you!
EMMA: Neved's room isn't this way.
Everything happened so quickly... But I took care of these Guards here!
Will we really be free? That's what that Adam guy told us...
ADAM: Where are all these guards coming from?
I don't remember seeing this many guards before.
EMMA: Aelita said she would help with the rebellion within the castle.
We should meet up with her and make our way to the pinnacle.
Let's do this, \PN. For everyone.
SAKI: I got this area covered! No more Guards will come up from the barracks!
Let's fight the power!!!
EMMA: Aelita, there you are! We've been looking for you.
AELITA: Oh, Emma... I was just looking around Neved's room to see if maybe he was hiding another key in here.
I heard him earlier. When he was yelling at you all at the ground...
I thought maybe the key he was holding wasn't the right one either... So I took it upon myself to look around here, just in case.
AELITA: Th-That's...
EMMA: Huh...?\| Oh...
AELITA: \PN... I... I didn't want you to see me like...\| this.
AELITA: M-Me? You're worried about me? I... I thought you would be worse off.
Y-Yes, I'm okay! Thank you for asking. It's been rough, but I can keep going.
EMMA: Let's get a move on then!
AELITA: Right!
AELITA: Y-Yeah, I guess you're right. We can't let Neved get away with this.
We got a job to do!
AELITA: Oh... I guess you're right. We have a job to do.
EMMA: (\PN, you could at least ask how she's doing...
She's only been waiting to see you again for so long...)
EMMA: Let's... Let's just get that key, yes?
AELITA: Yeah...
We're all going to be free from this place!
We've cleared out the arena room. Don't worry about this side!
Are you...?
...
You came to save me?
Thank you...
I could've done it myself.
Are you okay?
I looked for you...
We gotta get to the top!
No time to catch up!
[Map441]
ALLEN: Heh, honestly? I'm just happy for the central air.
I can't think in that heat. It's just impossible.
MELIA: Thank you for cheering me up earlier! I feel so much better.
I'll do what I can to lift up your spirits too.
MELIA: I just don't want to talk anymore. Sorry.
MELIA: Learning about this "Golden power" I've held deep within me actually hasn't surprised me much.
But something Alexandra said bothered me.
She said that there are only two possibilities in regard to our birth.
Either I was conceived by a woman, or I was wished for out of thin air.
That means I don't have a father... Can that really be true?
I just don't really know how to feel about it.
MELIA: \PN...
No, you know what? You're right. Jenner was my father.
It doesn't matter if the ties aren't biological. He was there for me.
Thank you so much, \PN. I feel so much better now.
MELIA: C-Cool? What? It's anything but cool! I'm missing something in my life.
Something I can never get back...
I'm just... Ugh, it's fine. I don't want to talk about this anymore.
AELITA: Sorry, \PN. Not in the mood to talk right now.
Maybe I'll go for a run or somethin', yeah?
AELITA: \PN, you've cheered me up! Now I'm all excited for the future!
AELITA: Sometimes I miss the fresh air of Sheridan.
I don't regret leaving to help fight Team Xen, but...
I guess I'm feeling a little bit homesick.
Maybe one day I can settle back there permanently again.
AELITA: Yes! I'll be a Sensei that Vivian, Taelia, and even Kenneth would be proud of.
You should visit us when Sheridan Village is at its peak!
Thanks for talking with me, \PN. I feel so much better.
AELITA: ...Huh? What does GDC have to do with this?
I'm not a city girl. I wanna be with nature and all that.
Ah, well, never mind. Don't worry about it \PN.
CASSANDRA: ...
Cassandra stares at you silently. It seems like she's smirking slightly...
REN: What is this place?
ALEXANDRA: This is the League Administration Office.
MELIA: Huh? I thought the League's office was at the Gearen Laboratory?
ALEXANDRA: This is the HQ. The one in Gearen is a branch of the administration.
Everything that happens in Gearen, goes through our database first.
DAMIEN: By the way, if you couldn't tell, this office is secret.
ERIN: I see, since the Lab is more public, you think it might be a potential target.
So if anything were to happen to the office there, you'd have this place to fall back on.
ALEXANDRA: Precisely! You're very sharp.
VENAM: That machine reminds me of the ones you see in those Hall of Fame rooms...
ALEXANDRA: You're right. It's the same device, except this one just logs info into our private database.
Let's take a look and see what we got.
ALEXANDRA: *Giggle*, here we have Veronica Vasile from East Gearen City.
VENAM: Oof, that's an old picture of me. Didn't expect that.
I thought I'd miss my purple hair. I mean, I kinda do, but...
MELIA: You'd look great no matter what. If you wanna go back, I won't stop you.
VENAM: J-\|Jeez... \|You're the one who made me change in the first place...
ALEXANDRA: Next, I see we have... Rock-type leader Adam...
Fairy-type Leader, Siena.
Unfortunately she accepted her position as quickly as she denied it.
We weren't able to even get a picture of her.
ALEXANDRA: Dark-type Leader--
AELITA: Deagan Royer.
ALEXANDRA: Oh? That's right. Do you happen to know him?
AELITA: Uh... It's kinda complicated. I'll explain later.
Kenneth was my dad and he was his brother.
DAMIEN: That guy was your uncle?! Tch, what a real piece of work that guy was.
He's been missing for so long. We've tried-
AELITA: Yeah, that's what he was known for. Causing trouble.
Unfortunately, he's gone. If you know what I mean.
If you still have him posted as the main Leader, I'd suggest removing him. He's gone.
ALEXANDRA: Oh... I see. Well, in that case, I won't ask any further questions.
I'll show one more leader, let's see...
Ah, we have Martin, the new Normal Leader. We just recruited him a few weeks back.
So he also doesn't have a profile set up yet.
MELIA: ...
ALEXANDRA: Melia, you were supposed to have this role, yes?
You went missing the day before we were going to brief you in on your duties.
Had everything worked out, that would've been the first time the Normal slot was filled with an actual full-time Leader.
Ever since then the League's composition has been in shambles...
MELIA: Oh... I might have information on that. I'll give you guys a full report on it soon.
ALEXANDRA: Understood.
By the way, we still have you in our database.
Just in case you showed up again. So for now, I think I'll list you as a Reserve.
MELIA: M-Me?! A Reserve? Do I still deserve such a title?
DAMIEN: I don't see why not? Just accept it.
MELIA: I-I see... I won't let you all down then!
VENAM: Wait a sec, you said if Melia accepted the position, that'd be the first time the Normal-type slot was filled full-time.
But that can't be true... After all...
VENAM: Exactly, yeah. \PN fought the Normal leader only just shortly after we thought Melia had died.
But you just said you didn't have anyone until just recently. No Reserve or anything.
VENAM: Yeah, remember back when we were, stupidly, exploring through that mansion and came across Marianette?
She said she was a Gym Leader, and even awarded you a badge after you beat her.
VENAM: There's no way you could've forgotten that event.
Remember? Way back when in the Abandoned Sewers?
We ran into this mansion with the awful guy and his daughter?
MELIA: Marianette...?
...
ALEXANDRA: We've never had someone like her on the roster, that's for sure.
AELITA: Hey, \PN, isn't that the same badge that transformed?
REN: Oh yeah, I remember that too! It's the only reason we were able to progress in the Pyramid at all.
ALEXANDRA: Huh.\| You mind if I see the badge, \PN?
ALEXANDRA: What a strange design... This isn't an official League badge, but...
ALEXANDRA: This thing has the chip we place in our badges! But how?
ERIN: Chip?
ALEXANDRA: We have a factory in Neverwinter that produces our badges.
Inside each badge is a microchip that verifies the authenticity of the badge.
Not only does it have that very same chip, but it's registered to the Normal-type Leader.
VENAM: That entire place was shady and otherworldly anyway, so.
ALEXANDRA: I'm going to have to ask you about the details later, but we can't possibly count this as valid, can we?
DAMIEN: If we can't count it as valid, then that's fine.
If \PN wants to win an actual Normal badge, we have someone in this room that can fulfill that, don't we?
MELIA: W-Wait, wait, you mean me!? I'm the Reserve Leader now, aren't I?
ALEXANDRA: Well? What do you say? Have \PN battle you for a legitimate badge.
That way we can both personally assess your skills while also having an official League battle.
MELIA: It's been quite some time since our last battle...\| Alright, let's do it!
ALEXANDRA: Excellent! We have a room just for occasions like this.
Let's all head next door.
ALEXANDRA: Here, you can have this back.
\PN, there's something I'd like to discuss with you at some point in the future.
But for right now, I think it's best that we focus on your training.
ALLEN: Heh, I don't have any doubt that you can win!
Melia might be my sister, but I sense a stronger power coming from you.
\sh\c[7]Freaking Poggers Dude
ALEXANDRA: Aelita... Did you learn what I think you have...?
ALEXANDRA: Please be careful out there, my friend. You don't know what you'll run into.
ALEXANDRA: Both participants are here now. Are we ready?
DAMIEN: They're ready.
AELITA: Go go go, \PN! You got this!
REN: You guys are going to do well. Just give it your all!
VENAM: Melia, don't give up! I know you can do this!
ALEXANDRA: Begin!
Still wasn't enough to beat you... That's fine, it was very fun! I guess this means you've earned a new badge! Congratulations!
MELIA: I lost to you again. You really are amazing, \PN.
There's no doubt that you're strong, but there's something else.
Something hidden deep within you. I can sense it!
ALEXANDRA: ...
DAMIEN: ...?
DAMIEN: Are you going to give \PN their badge, or what?
ALEXANDRA: O-Oh, you're right, sorry.
DAMIEN: Stay focused.
ALEXANDRA: Here you go.
MELIA: Thank you!
MELIA: For defeating me in battle, I would like to present to you...
MELIA: The Fate Badge.
\PN received the Fate Badge!
VENAM: The Fate Badge?
MELIA: Yeah. When I first met \PN, it was the day before I was supposed to become the actual Normal-type Leader.
I said to myself that I wanted \PN to be my first challenger.
As you know, things didn't really go in that direction. However...
\PN turned out to be my first challenger anyway! Wouldn't you call that fate?
ERIN: Sounds more like a coincidence, but the thought is nice.
ALEXANDRA: The Fate Badge it is then.
ALICE: I want...
I want to be like that too!
VENAM: To be like what?
ALICE: I overheard your conversations earlier.
I want... To choose my own path. Have my own purpose.
Now that I'm free and have the ability to do so... I've decided!
I don't want to wallow around and feel sorry for myself.
\c[6]I want to become a Gym Leader, like Melia!
ALEXANDRA: Y-You want to become a Gym Leader?
ALLEN: Hey, don't leave me hanging! I want to be one too!
ALEXANDRA: This is all so sudden...
But I really don't have a reason to deny you such a request.
Right now we're down a Fairy and Dark Gym Leader.
Damien could probably train one of you in the art of Dark-types.
As for the Fairy-type, I think I can do something about that.
DAMIEN: FINALLY. This is my time. THIS. IS MY. TIME.
DAMIEN: Don't worry, Allen. I'll teach you everything you need to know about Dark-types.
I might be good with Dragon-types, but Dark-types are my fort-
ALLEN: Um, that's very nice of you, sir, but I think Alice wants the Dark-type.
DAMIEN: W-Wha?
ALICE: Yes, I'll be very happy if you would teach me your ways, Damien.
I used a Sableye at the Pyramid and I felt a close connection with its power.
Unfortunately, that Sableye was a fabrication. Would you happen to know where to find one?
Ah, but a real one. Fake ones have the tendency to disappear once I wake up~.
DAMIEN: Uh... Oh, yeah, sure. I know where Sableye are.
ALLEN: Then it's settled. We'll be the best Gym Leaders you've ever had, and you can hold that to me!
So, Alexandra... When does our training start?
ALEXANDRA: When everyone's ready.
First you should all check out the barracks and the lounge.
After all, this is where you'll be staying for the next month, or so.
MELIA: Goodness, for the next month?
I should call Reina and tell her we'll be gone for a bit longer.
VENAM: Hm... A month? That clashes with the tournament, doesn't it?
ALEXANDRA: I wouldn't worry about that. Even if there is some penalty for absence, they won't come after you out here.
DAMIEN: And if they did, I'd kill them.
VENAM: Nice.
ALEXANDRA: You will not kill them. Settle down there.
DAMIEN: Why do you always have to go ruining my fantasies?
It was just a joke anyway.
ALEXANDRA: Well then, I suppose that'll be it for today.
We have a long day tomorrow. So get your relaxation out of the way now.
\PN, whenever you're ready, please come speak to me.
ERIN: Here, these are yours to borrow.
ERIN: And you'll use these.
VENAM: Thanks.
ERIN: Not only will I use this battle as way to grasp your battle style, but as a way to see if you're capable of handling Megas.
Either way, winning doesn't matter. It's all about your progress.
VENAM: Yeah, yeah, we get it.
\PN, don't hold back! I'm going to win this one!
Damn... I'm not used to these mons, but neither are you, so... You did well.
VENAM: Ah. I mean, I've lost so many times to you that there's really not much to say.
GG, I guess.
ERIN: You both still did well. Especially with teams you're not familiar with.
DAMIEN: Agreed. It was a fine display.
VENAM: I... I won?
DAMIEN: ...Wow, didn't expect that.
ERIN: Both fought well with teams they weren't used to, is it really that surprising?
VENAM: Yeah, it was really close. I just... didn't expect at all to win.
ERIN: I'll be taking those, along with the Mega Ring.
Don't worry, you'll get it back. Probably.
ERIN: Okay, I think that was enough to give me a feel for both styles of combat.
\PN holds a style I still can't really put a word on... eccentric? It's effective, at least.
Venam is strong, but I think she's lacking something.
VENAM: Yeah, I've kinda been... off lately. Not really into it.
DAMIEN: Do you think this is some kind-
ERIN: We already went through this once with \PN. Let's not make this a habit.
DAMIEN: ...
VENAM: I'm gonna head out now.
Sorry, \PN. Thanks for the battle. We can chill out later, or something.
Please don't call me unless you need me.
DAMIEN: This isn't some kind of cool hang out session, Venam.
Do you think this is some kind of joke?!
VENAM: I never said it was a joke. All I said was that I've been feeling off.
No need to blow up in my face over something like that.
I'm outta here.
And don't chase after me, it won't do you any good.
ERIN: Can you chill? Control your temper.
DAMIEN: Yeah, my bad.
Nice job today, \PN. We'll resume this session soon.
<ac>\ts[1]Somewhere off the coast of Terajuma Island...</ac>
Day 11 | Aelita's Return.
REN: Ah! \PN!
REN: I was just looking for you! There's sort of an emergency.
Aelita got back from her trip to Eclysia, but... She won't talk to anyone.
You've known Aelita for the longest... Maybe she'll talk to you?
REN: This is my moment! I'll show you how much I've been putting into my training!
ERIN: You haven't even chosen a team yet...
Don't make us all wait.
Not even now? I need to get my act together!
REN: Damn... Still not strong enough. Not even with the upper hand...
Listen, \PN. We may have had our differences, and I'm glad we've put them aside so that we can remain friends.
But you're still my #1 rival, and I won't stop training until I beat you!
So you keep getting stronger too, yeah? I don't want our final battle to be a total joke!
REN: Yeah, I won! My training's paying off!
ERIN: I won't let you end the day without beating Ren, so...
Prepare once more and try again.
ERIN: I won't let you end the day without beating Ren, so... Prepare once more and try again.
ERIN: Excellent work, as usual.
After all these exams and practices, I'm starting to structure a tier list of who's strongest here.
Needless to say that you're at the top. So far, at least.
As for the others... I'll need more data before I'm able to make any conclusions.
Anyway, I won't keep you. You're done for the day. Thanks.
REN: I used to be obsessed with power. I've always wanted to be stronger.
But Nastasia and Neved helped me control my emotions and focus on what's important.
I'm going to use that knowledge to better myself and protect the ones I love.
REN: I have to think more intensely about strategy if I want to keep up with everyone.
I'm definitely getting better, but there's still something I'm missing...
REN: What Aelita said has me unsettled... Sorry, I think I need some time to think.
AELITA: You can do this, \PN! I know you're capable of anything.
Still, I'll be giving you all the good luck you need!
ERIN: Ah, \PN. You made it just on time.
Are you excited to train?\|
ERIN: Glad to hear it. Your enthusiasm will benefit your progress greatly.
As well as mine, of course. I'm not gonna stand here and pretend I don't need work as well.
DAMIEN: We all need work, that's why we're here.
ERIN: Well, get more excited about it because this is what you're dedicating yourself to.
Besides, I think you'll like what we're having you do today.
DAMIEN: I bet you've been waiting for this for a long time.
DAMIEN: This isn't a joke! If you aren't dedicated to this then you can just leave!
ERIN: Disappointing, if you keep getting mad over something small like that, you're going to end up in a bad spot.
You're a teacher here, but even a teacher can still be taught.\| Settle down.
DAMIEN: ...I.
DAMIEN: Whatever, you're right. Sorry.
ERIN: Right, so, we're all aware of your power, yada yada...
You've heard this all before, but... What if we brought your power up a notch?
Today we're going to introduce\c[6] Mega Evolution to you.
ERIN: Surprised? Alexandra had this all settled for you yesterday.
It wasn't easy obtaining these rings, but they're here.
I'm sure you're already familiar with Mega Evolution, so I'll save you the details.
VENAM: Oops, I'm not late, right?
ERIN: No, in fact, you're just in time.
To keep things short, we're going to have you both try Mega Evolution.
Venam, have you ever messed around with Mega Evolution?
VENAM: Nah, but I remember this Gym Leader from Kalos using it on live television from some tournament.
But other than that, I don't know anything.
ERIN: You'll learn right now. Both of you get prepared.
VENAM: Right.
VENAM: I'm good to go.
ERIN: Not so fast, you won't be using your teams for this.
We've constructed a practice set for both of you to use, understood?
VENAM: Oh ...I knew that.
ERIN: Good day to you, \PN. Ready for another day of training?
Regardless, today's challenge will be a unique one.
This test is to see your capabilities of battle when you're at a severe disadvantage.
We have three rounds of rental Pokemon for you. Each set contains a monotype team that consists of either Fire, Water, or Grass.
The team you end up with is your choice, so choose wisely.
REN: If I'm at an advantage, then this should be easy.
Then again, this is \PN we're talking about, so who even knows?
This should be fun!
ERIN: Sorry, but those aren't free. Nice try.
ERIN: I never wanted to become a trainer, but if it's what's necessary to survive...
Guess I'll just have to become the very best?
KANON: Alexandra and the others are waiting for you inside.
Please don't make them wait.
ALICE: Oh dear... I...
Oh! Oh! \PN! Please ignore me! I am just being myself.
KANON: People seem to be avoiding me recently.
But it is all fine. My only purpose is to serve Alexandra.
DAMIEN: Don't have time to talk.
VENAM: Good luck, \PN. Heh, hopefully you don't hate me too much for rooting for Melia.
But I'm sure you'll do fine. Don't choke.
REN: Aelita, what's going on? Why won't you talk with us?
AELITA: ...
CRESCENT: What a joke. I wish to be alone.
VENAM: To think becoming a Gym Leader would lead me down this path.
I only wanted to do it for money, but now it's way more important than just money.
I have.... I have to be strong so that I can protect...
VENAM: What is Damien's deal? I'm not taking anything as a joke...
Whatever, I won't lose sleep over it.
VENAM: Hey, congratulations on being selected as our leader.
It's fitting. You and Aelita probably have the most experience.
We'll be looking to you from now on. No pressure.
ERIN: We're all ready to go. Just say the word and we'll head out.
CASSANDRA: Come here.
CASSANDRA: Hello.
CASSANDRA: That guard is gone, so I feel a little more comfortable speaking.
So, you all have actually caught me. My identity has been revealed and my precious reputation has been ruined.
This room is sound proof, which means I can't hear anything outside.
It's just quiet.
In a way, it's calming. It's not too bad here.
To lose a game so suddenly like that... It truly brings you down a notch.
It's too bad I haven't lost yet.
I don't know what it is you all are planning, but it doesn't matter.
Terror will come, and when it does... I'll be the last one laughing.
VENAM: She's hiding something. Something painful...
ERIN: Melia might be the Reserve Leader, but she doesn't have a full team of Normal-types right now.
But I guess what matters is the trainer themselves, rather than the team they hold.
That being said, you two are some of the strongest people I know.
I'll root for both of you.
CRESCENT: ...
How does that feel?
To be ignored?
It doesn't feel very good, does it?
CRESCENT: Still completely ignoring me then?
You have a lot of nerve, \PN. Too much of it.
VENAM: Calm down there, moonshine.
It's because of \PN that you're not couped up in some pod.
CRESCENT: I'm very well aware.
But it was \PN who put me in that pod to begin with.
If they had just come with me from the beginning, it wouldn't have ended up that way.
VENAM: Perhaps, but I don't care.
CRESCENT: I'm leaving.
VENAM: No, you're not.
CRESCENT: You're going to stop me? I'd like to see you try.
VENAM: Your cute little intimidation act might've worked before, but you're about as scary as a box of Sentrets.
So like I said, calm down.
CRESCENT: \PN, why do you affiliate yourself with such kinds of people?
CRESCENT: Friends? Them? No, I'm your friend.
I've been your friend from the beginning, but you've rejected me.
I've tried playing the part and watching you from afar, but I can only take so much.
\sh\c[7]CRESCENT: It's all of my business!
You weren't supposed to be here. With them.
I brought us here... To save us from...
Why am I being kept here?
VENAM: For one, you're dangerous. Second, we have questions.
CRESCENT: Then ask. Don't waste my time.
VENAM: Okay, let's see here...
Why the hell did you tell Nim to attack people?
You exiled her from us and because of that she went rogue.
CRESCENT: I did no such thing. Why would I even want to save Nim?
She means nothing to me.
VENAM: Nim said you showed her a vision of us abandoning her on Valor.
CRESCENT: ...?
Again, I've done no such thing.
The last I saw Nim was when she was plunged into that pit of lava.
I can assure you that Nim has never crossed my mind since.
VENAM: Hmph... So it may actually be what Melia suggested.
The one manipulating Nim was also Clear.
CRESCENT: Who is Clear?
VENAM: The woman with red hair. Your supposed murderer.
Which I'm inclined to believe was false all along too.
CRESCENT: ...Hah.
That disgusting girl got the better of me, I'll admit.
She used her power to show me \PN. I fell for it even though I knew it was an illusion.
I couldn't help myself. Perhaps if she did it again, I would fall for it a second time.
I'm done talking.
VENAM: Fine.
\PN and I have somewhere to be anyway. Stay put and don't cause trouble.
CRESCENT: Tch...
KANON: Sorry, \PN. Erin and the others have returned, but...
The data's finally being extracted and completed.
Erin asks that you wait outside just a little bit longer.
...While you wait, I guess you could go see Crescent.
I believe she's conscious now.
She's in the second room to the right.
AELITA: The Platinum Component... We'll find it together, \PN!
Whenever you're ready, confirm our missions on the table here.
This contains the Grass-type team, which consists of: Appletun, Trevenant, and Carnivine.
Choose the Grass-type team?
\PN picked the Grass-type team!
It's because of \PN that you're not cooped up in some pod.
REN: Wonder how well Melia stands up today?
Back before you came to Gearen, Venam and Melia were practically unbeatable by any of the kids in the city.
It'll be interesting to see just how far everyone has come.
Sleep for the night?
DAMIEN: Now that \PN's here, we can discuss the mission.
ERIN: Took some time, but we got our coordinates.
We've also learned the names of each and every key we need.
Let's take a look.
ERIN: The Diamond Component, was located just North-West of Terajuma Island.
Near Kristiline Town, specifically.
This is where Damien, Alexandra, Kanon and I will head off to... Unfortunately.
KANON: ...Unfortunately?
ERIN: The target location is marked over the ocean, so...
It's possible that we'll have to dive and look for it on the seafloor.
It'll be less convenient, but we'll take a boat to this location for this reason.
Also we read a strong reading in this location. We're taking necessary precautions.
The Pearl Component, was located north of Goldenwood Forest.
This component will be handled by Ren, Venam, and Melia.
This is their home territory, so they may be more familiar with this area.
ERIN: Finally, the Platinum Component, was located in Grand Dream City.
It seems to be somewhere... Inside Axis High University?
I'm sectioning this place to \PN and Aelita since it's just the school.
We actually called Hazuki for a meeting about this and she said she'd meet with them on the 1st.
I advise making the trip to the apartments on mission day and waiting there until then.
ERIN: And that's basically it. We don't really have much of a reference to go off of, so...
We're just going to have to do our best to just... find them.
AELITA: Are you guys seriously going to search the depths of the ocean for this??
DAMIEN: If it comes to that, yes.
It's more of a thorough search, which is why the bulk of us are heading down that way.
AELITA: Aw, you guys are going on these perilous adventures, and we're just going to school.
ERIN: School can be perilous. I'm talking from experience, of course.
We could make revisions if you'd like?
AELITA: Um... PASS! I'm passing on that one!
ALEXANDRA: Then I guess that will be all for now!
Let's rest up. We'll have long journeys tomorrow.
ERIN: Well? Don't keep us waiting.
This contains the Fire-type team, which consists of: Pyroar, Heatmor, and Marowak.
Choose the Fire-type team?
\PN picked the Fire-type team!
ERIN: Melia was the only one who didn't bathe in the Eclysia's waters.
Maybe the rest of us were healed when we were submerged...
Hm...
Though, Melia did have a glass of the water when she passed out, but maybe that's not enough.
Sorry, \PN. I gotta do some research. Talk to you later.
ERIN: Oh, awesome. \PN is here.
That means we may begin our meeting. We have a lot to talk about.
So, unfortunately our team was the only one able to get a component.
Melia's team experienced some unfortunate circumstances...
And our leaders had to deal with that Puppet Master fiasco a few days ago.
AELITA: Yeah... We got caught up in all that mess that we didn't even have a chance.
MELIA: Still, there's no excuse for us. You guys even ran into Angie...
Venam, \PN and I know just how much of a task it is to stand up to her.
VENAM: Don't remind me, please. I have PTSD.
DAMIEN: I don't blame you.
ERIN: Mm... See, but the conclusion to Rune's chapter couldn't have ended better.
AELITA: Oh?
ERIN: There's no way a computer could bend reality like it did.
So I decided to ask Lavender to investigate the Ligosomnia Engine, since it's still intact.
Lo and behold... It turns out that the engine was powered with the Platinum component this entire time.
AELITA: Holy moly... I guess that answers why it was so powerful...
ERIN: \PN, do you mind picking up that component after our meeting?
Transportation will be included in that.
ERIN: Kind of unbecoming of a leader to whine, don't you think?
It's because Saki also wanted to speak to you.
ERIN: Thanks. Saki requested to speak to you as well, so.
After you pick up the component, you should speak with her.
AELITA: \PN, come on... Don't be like that.
ERIN: Why did we elect such a crybaby as leader? Seriously.
And after I went and said I believed in you.
Anyway, you because Saki requested you. That's all.
ERIN: Now, onto Melia's team's trouble.
You had a run in with Team Xen, and Nim, right?
MELIA: Yes, but Nim saved us at the end.
I haven't heard from her or Madelis since...
ERIN: We should plan another expedition down there. We still need the Pearl component.
We only require one of you to join us and show us the way.
VENAM: I'll go.
MELIA: Well, um, about that... I... Uh...\| Actually, I'll save it till the end.
ERIN: Okay.
Now, onto the topic of Cassandra and Team Xen.
We told the media to say that Cassandra is being held for questioning.
But the reality is that we have her here. She's in the base right now.
MELIA: Wh-What?!
DAMIEN: Calm down, she's locked up and unable to do a thing.
ALEXANDRA: We couldn't outright say she was part of Team Xen.
There could be dozens of her subordinates who are also under Team Xen's line.
VENAM: It'd also cause a panic if it's known that Cassandra is part of Team Xen.
ERIN: Exactly. We'll be keeping her here and interrogating her in the meantime.
\PN told me that she has connections with the Xenpurgis.
When we're finished extracting the data Rune left for us, we'll have more info on that.
There's also still the subject of \PN's identity, and that transformation they displayed earlier.
But Aelita said it'd be easier if we just had the data.
So we'll hold off on that for the time being.
AELITA: Yeah, seriously, just... Just wait for what Rune has.
REN: Dang, is it that complicated?
ERIN: It doesn't matter right now. We should be planning our move from here on out.
Tomorrow, Venam, Damien, and I will be going to the ruins underneath the Goldenwood Forest.
That way--
MELIA: Wait.
There's something I have to tell everyone. It's important.
<ac>Melia explained what she found at the 3rd HQ with Nim, and about her condition.</ac>
\sh\c[7]ERIN: Wh-What?!!!!
KANON: M-Melia... Tell me it isn't true!
\sh\c[7]VENAM: Why didn't you tell Ren and I about this before?!
Melia, why do you always do things like this?!
REN: Venam, calm down! Melia must've had a good reason.
MELIA: My condition was not relevant to the mission.
I was afraid if I brought up this fact in the moment that I would cause a huge drop in morale.
We barely survived at the peak of our motivation!
Imagine if I dropped something like that on us?
VENAM: That's not your decision to make!
MELIA: It is. Please respect it.
I brought it up now because things have settled.
ERIN: No...\| No, no...\| We need to get you help immediately!
There's got to be--
MELIA: Erin, breathe. It's going to be okay.
\sh\c[7]ERIN: How can you be so calm!?
MELIA: I have to be. There's nothing I can do to change it.
It's because my body is rejecting the Archetype's power.
DAMIEN: Is there anyway we can extract the Archetype from Melia?
REN: Impossible. You weren't there, but Rune said that Melia would die if that were to happen.
ERIN: \ts[2]That bastard did this to us...
AELITA: ...Who are you talking about?
ERIN: ...I was going to save this until the data was completely extracted.
But on our trip,\| I remembered everything.
There was someone who put the Archetype within us.
And that person was our father, Vitus Theolia.
VENAM: D-Did you just say... Vitus Theolia?!
ERIN: Yes, Vitus Theolia is our father.
And Anathea Theolia is our mother.
Together they had four children. Me, Alice, Allen, and a girl named Maria.
Because we had the Archetype, us being together in close proximity was causing the power to react.
To prevent the Archetype from reforming, he separated us.
VENAM: Wait, I'm losing my MIND here.
If all that is true, then that can only mean that Melia is--
ERIN: Maria, yes.
MELIA: Maria...?
REN: I knew a girl in the past named Anastasia who was looking for a girl named Maria...
VENAM: You know Anastasia?!
Dude, I'm gonna pass out. I can't handle this.
KANON: You all seem to be losing your mind, but Melia seems to be the most calm.
MELIA: Hahah...\| I guess I've known for a long time that I was Maria.
Ever since our interaction with Angie, that name has been going through my head in my dreams.
But I have to disagree, Erin. I am not Maria.
ERIN: But out of the process of elimination, you must be.
MELIA: Sorry, but it's true. That's what my mind is telling me, desperately.
I am not Maria. I am not Maria. That's what echoes in my head.
VENAM: If Anathea is your mother, why don't we just ask her if you're Maria?
Certainly she must know her own daughter?
\PN had her in the Soul Stone for quite some time now.
ERIN: ..You have our mother's soul with you?!
\PN, can you summon her here then? Please?
\PN hold up the Soul Stone.
VENAM: ...Why isn't it working?
ALEXANDRA: The soul itself must come out on its own.
You cannot force a soul to appear by just asking it to.
VENAM: Damn... Why won't she come out?
ERIN: ...It doesn't matter.
Vitus Theolia is out there. Somewhere.
And he will show his face again. When he does...
We have to make a trip down to the 3rd HQ with Allen and Alice too.
If Genesis Syndrome is as common as it seems to be, we need to make sure Alice, Allen and I aren't sick as well.
This meeting is adjourned for now.
We'll meet up again in three days, got it?
MELIA: Understood.
VENAM: Got it...
ERIN: Come on, Melia. We need to prepare.
Head over to the Axis High Lab?
VENAM: ...
\v[701]?
ERIN: Knock it off, Venam. Now's not the time.
VENAM: C'mon you have to be curious about this too, right?!
ERIN: Okay, \PN is a conglomerate of souls bound together in one body.
Who also happens to have Adrest lurking as well.
Let me ask you this.
Does knowing this change your relationship with \PN in any way?
MELIA: No, not at all.
REN: Definitely not.
VENAM: Nah, just curious. (\PN is like a soul hotel...)
AELITA: This is the \PN we've always known! Nothing has changed.
ERIN: Alright, then we're leaving it there. If you have any questions for \PN, please ask after this meeting.
We should start off with what we experienced in what we call "3rd Layer".
Alice, Allen, and myself went through the machine's diagnostic pod.
None of us had a trace of Genesis Syndrome.
VENAM: Good.
REN: I'm very glad to hear, but...
ERIN: I don't understand why Melia is the only one who is experiencing Archetype rejection.
It has to do with her connection to Maria, I know it.
VENAM: There has to be something...\| Something we can do!
ERIN: I've brought a lot of medical books and such back up with me.
I'll be working my ass off to find something, anything, that will help her condition.
MELIA: ...I feel like I've brought a burden onto this group yet again. I'm sorry.
VENAM: Stop apologizing. We're doing this cause we want to.
ERIN: That's correct. I...\| I won't let this disease take you.
MELIA: Erin...
ERIN: Additionally, we were able to finally locate the Pearl Component.
And with the Platinum Component with us now... We have all three.
MELIA: \PN will be able to awaken Adrest now.
...But is that the right thing to do?
If we subject \PN to the power of Adrest, they may experience Genesis Syndrome as well.
ERIN: ...\PN has already experienced Adrest's power, actually.
REN: What?
ERIN: Remember, when \PN was fighting the Puppet Master? Their appearance changed.
The symbol on their back... It represents the Core's presence.
It was listed in Rune's data.
What we saw in that realm was the\c[7] true power of the Interceptor.
MELIA: Oh...
ERIN: But you can't hear their voice anymore, right \PN? \v[701]'s voice?
That's because even though a connection was made... It's still too weak.
REN: Is there anything we can do to make the connection stronger?
ERIN: Adrest may know... I feel like we should ask him.
REN: We have all three components now. We should be able to do it.
ERIN: Yes, momentarily we will be sending \PN into Zeight once again.
But there's something I have to bring up. It's about the Xenpurgis and our next move.
AELITA: Did Rune's data have anything more?
ERIN: Because of Rune, we know exactly what the Xenpurgis is, and when it's going to be launched.
AELITA: What?!
VENAM: Well go on! Don't leave us guessing!
ERIN: The Xenpurgis is a Rift Stakataka. It has underlings, but we could not confirm what they were.
As for when they're going to release it on Grand Dream City?
Today is December 4th.
Team Xen plans to unleash the Xenpurgis on December 31st. New Years Eve.
VENAM: Ending the year with a bang? What a clich.
AELITA: If we know all this, we should release it to the public and warn them!
ALEXANDRA: That's too risky.
From Rune's data, we've learned that the Xenpurgis is already completed.
If we make this public, they may just release it immediately.
DAMIEN: Besides, like we said before, we believe there are more Team Xen operatives within the government.
It's suicide.
ERIN: Also, with all the numbers... We've concluded that our chances against it are... Zero... Zero percent. It truly is
unbeatable.
REN: Th-Then what do we do?
ERIN: Heh... We nip the problem in the bud.
VENAM: ...Huh?
ERIN: We know where Team Xen is located.
We're going to raid Team Xen HQ and take it down before they can even hope to release the Xenpurgis.
Team Xen will be no more.
\sh\c[7]AELITA: WHAT?
ERIN: December 27th, two days after Christmas... That's when we'll do it.
REN: ...Is this really true?!
DAMIEN: Heh, we've already started production on our gear for our attack.
MELIA: ...But what if Team Xen catches wind of our attack?
They may release the Xenpurgis early as result in this situation as well.
And let's say we DO destroy Team Xen. Alexandra said it herself. It's completed.
They could release it out of spite, or... I don't know!
ERIN: We've thought of that. Don't worry. I have... an idea that will go unspoken as of right now.
VENAM: ...This is it. This is everything we've trained for.
December 27th... That's the day of reckoning.
AELITA: We can do it. Together, it's possible.
ERIN: And guess what?
All of this is only possible because of Rune.
Because of Rune...
Heh...
\c[6]We have the exact layout of the Xen HQ. That includes secret passages and everything.
We know where Madame X's chamber is.
Everything.\| EVERYTHING we need to do this... Rune has supplied us with.
We have no one else to thank but her. She's saved us.
MELIA: Rune... Thank you so much.
ERIN: So, there you have it.
That's just the "too long, didn't read" version of our plan.
We'll have detailed routes and teams formed before the end of next week.
REN: This is... surreal. We're at the end.
ALEXANDRA: We are. We'll do this for everyone Team Xen has taken away.
AELITA: For Kenneth, Taelia, and Vivian...
MELIA: For my real Dad. Professor Jenner.
DAMIEN: For our father.
ALEXANDRA: For Alamissa.
ERIN: Yes... For everyone. Let's do our best, guys.
We're Aevium regions final hope.
We will succeed.
This is the end of Rejuvenation V13 | Vague Clarity.
Thank you so much for playing, and I apologize for the long wait.
Please check in for updates for Rejuvenation V13.5 and...
End of Act 2. Rejuvenation V14 Part 1 | "Between Heaven and Hell."
V14 Part 2 | "All in Vein".
and V14 Part 3 "Our Final Gambit."
ALICE: Hm...
Forgive me, \PN, but... What were you guys talking about?
Gym Leaders not being in their positions and such?
ALICE: I see... This is an interesting thought.
Thank you for explaining it to me, \PN!
DAMIEN: Today's the day, we're all set to go.
AELITA: ...\PN!
ERIN: There it is. Finally, a word.
Now that you've said one, you should say more. Preferably ones that describe your trip?
AELITA: ...I don't know where to start.
ALEXANDRA: Please, Aelita. Tell us what you've learned.
You have learned something, yes? Vivian must've told you something.
AELITA: I have. Vivian told me everything she knew, or at least, I think.
But I've been thinking on my way back...
Maybe I should just keep this to myself. It would be better off that way.
MELIA: Well, now I really want to know!
REN: Y-Yeah, you can't just say something so cryptic and expect us to not ask for more!
VENAM: Guys, settle down. Give her space.
MELIA: Right... Sorry, Aelita.
REN: Yeah, sorry...
AELITA: I-It's okay! I didn't mean for it to sound exciting! ...It's not something you would want to know.
But it's important, so... I may as well tell all of you.
That's right, I met with Vivian. We spoke about a few things, but...
The most important of them being the\c[6] purpose of Amethyst Grotto.
AELITA: She said at the very center of the earth, there is a machine called the Core.
She wouldn't go into detail about it, but she said this is where her power came from. As well as Anju and Hazuki's.
Connected to that panel, there is a conduit that leads directly to the Core itself.
This is referring to the panel Taelia and Keta found in Amethyst Grotto.
Through Taelia's memories, I can see that she was visibly struck and frightened with what this place's purpose was.
I couldn't understand it before, but now that has changed.
Amethyst Grotto was created by the Garufans.
It is unknown whether or not they created the Core, however, it is clear that they had access to whatever it is.
Nymiera, along with her disciples, hid this place.
This was to ensure that she prevented evil from gaining access to its power.
Even with all these restrictions, she knew that humanity may have a need for its power.
So she devised a test only the pure of heart could pass.
Over a decade ago, Kenneth and Taelia were tricked into unlocking the seal, opening the door to one of the Core's access panels.
Now that the seal is broken, anyone has the ability to access its power.
And that power is to...\|\c[6]Delete everything and start over. A complete reset.
AELITA: Those two figures we met on top of the pyramid.
Kieran, and the girl with red hair... It was all their doing.
ERIN: ...
REN: ...
\sh\c[7]MELIA: WHAT?!
A complete and utter reset?! Back to 0?! But why?!
AELITA: They... must want to reset this world. But that's the weird thing.
Vivian said if the world is reset, everything is taken down.
That would mean they would be erased too.
Not only that, but once things are reset,\c[6] events occur differently.
So if something didn't play out the way they wanted, they could just hit the reset button and try again.
ERIN: But if that's what they wanted, why didn't they do so already?
Unless there are prerequisites that they are trying to set up.
AELITA: ...There are. The machine takes energy to charge itself up.
A process that \PN and I have already started.
You must know what I'm talking about, right \PN?
AELITA: That's right... The statues are the key.
AELITA: You're close, but it's what happens with the Soul Stone if you bring it back to the Grotto.
AELITA: ...The answer lies with the Soul Stone and the statues.
AELITA: The statues are what hold the souls you bring back.
The Resetting Core requires 5 souls to be brought back and sealed.
Once that's done, all you have to do is activate it and everything will be reset.
And currently... After everything we've done? Two of the five slots have been filled.
Only three more souls are required.
AELITA: So... Yeah.
ERIN: Something's wrong here... I just don't understand the motivation.
MELIA: I can't understand it either. We're missing a piece to this puzzle.
ALEXANDRA: ...And I suppose I have the final piece.
ERIN: What? Are you seriously hiding something from us AGAIN?
ALEXANDRA: I didn't hide it. I wanted Aelita to tell you first, however...
I've known about Amethyst Grotto since I was a little girl. My mother told me all about it.
Everything that's been said has been correct, except for one thing.
It is true that when the Resetting Core is activated, the world is reborn, but...
The person who activated it, the one who stands in the center...
\c[6]Is exempt from this erasure.
ERIN: E-Exempt? You're telling me they're given the ability to roam the new world with memories of the previous one?!
ALEXANDRA: That's correct, and I believe...
\c[6]That the world has already been reset once before.
VENAM: No way... That... That can't be!
AELITA: If that's true, then the person who did that is still roaming our world!
And the reason why Taelia and Kenneth were tricked into opening the Grotto was because they wish to reset it once more!
MELIA: But both of them seem to know about all this. I thought only the one who activated the Core kept their memories?
DAMIEN: That much can be explained if there was a third person to their group.
The one who reset the world and re-recruited their henchmen.
The mastermind behind everything that's happened up till now.
MELIA: It has to be Madame X! We know those two are working for her!
There's also another possibility. Someone else.
MELIA: ...?
ALEXANDRA: \PN.
ALEXANDRA: \PN, I just want you to know that I trust and believe in you.
But if Adrest is truly resting in your soul, then it could only be you.
ERIN: This is starting to bleed into the research Melia and I conducted at the Athenaeum.
Melia said that Madame X called \PN the Interceptor.
Someone who can intercept destiny. This sounds right on brand for something like that.
Does any of this ring a bell to you, \PN?
REN: You know... something really weird happened back at Eclysia.
We were panicking on the lower level when there wasn't any water, but then \PN started speaking in this weird voice.
I know for a fact it wasn't \PN, because Aelita was caught off guard too.
Right, Aelita?
AELITA: I do remember that, but...
I don't believe \PN is being malicious about anything... I believe in them.
MELIA: I do as well! \PN has done nothing but good for us, there's no way \PN reset time for an evil purpose.
REN: \PN's been a real trooper through all of this. Couldn't they just get up and leave us if they didn't feel like helping us?
ERIN: I will say that \PN has certainly been useful, and a pleasure to be around in general.
Nothing points to them being malicious, but...
VENAM: \PN's my friend. That's the bottom line.
Even if they did reset time once, it had to be for good reason.
AELITA: \PN... What do you have to say about this?
If this really was your doing, you must have your memories of doing this, yes?
AELITA: \PN can't remember? It couldn't be them...
ERIN: You don't remember anything like this happening at all?
That just won't do. Alexandra said you would keep your memories.
Then again, you could be lying, but I don't really believe that.
DAMIEN: Saying nothing will just get you in more trouble.
ALEXANDRA: There's only one way to test this out.
Let us all go to the Obelisk on the outskirts of town.
SCIENTIST: We've been analyzing that shadow substance that was found at Angie's lair.
We haven't found much on it yet,\c[6] but we've detected traces of Nihilego poison!
Not only that, but the substance seems to be somewhat of a parasite...
Whenever we open the flask it's in, it desperately tries to cling onto on of us.
Well, there's still research that needs to be done, so I'll have to end on that.
DAMIEN: Don't lose.
This contains the Water-type team, which consists of: Dewgong, Golduck, and Mantine.
Choose the Water-type team?
\PN picked the Water-type team!
Begin everyone's journey?
This route has already been completed!
Retrieve the Diamond Component?
Retrieve the Pearl Component?
Retrieve the Platinum Component?
Welcome to the Pathways.
The group will be split up into three, and as such, three routes have been created.
The first two routes can be completed in any order, but both routes are required to proceed on to the third and final route.
Also, once started, they cannot be interrupted.
Continue?
ERIN: It seems our objective has changed. Damien has taken the data drive \PN's mother supplied us with.
In it accounted for three keys handed down from Nymiera to her three disciples, Vivian, Hazuki, and Anju.
Using them, we'll be able to access more of the Obelisk's contents.
Not only that, but we can force Adrest to awaken.
If we want to destroy Team Xen and come out unscathed...
This is what we've all decided is the best course of action.
All three keys have been located by Nancy and their coordinates have been received.
At the end of the month, when our training is done, we're all going to go our separate ways and hunt down these keys.
But for now, we continue.
Hmph, not bad. It would've been embarrassing if you lost to me.
ERIN: Not bad. I didn't win, but I learned something I think.
MELIA: Wow, Erin! You're really good at battling!
ERIN: It's not that hard. Just go for the weakness and you usually just win.
Anyway, I need to take becoming stronger seriously now too.
Now that we've learned that I have this super annoying power... I just have to make sure I'm prepared to fight.
MELIA: Speaking of which, I wonder if this power we have is useful for combat?
ERIN: I've considered that, and I've actually been supervising Allen and Alice's training specifically for this reason.
For Allen, he can move extremely fast. Alice can use her power to create illusions.
Me? I... The best I can do, honestly, is conjure up barriers.
Take a look at this!
MELIA: ...!
ERIN: Defense is my best offense. Say it's metaphoric and call it a day.
ERIN: What about you? Have you tried conjuring up anything?
MELIA: Uh... No, I...
ERIN: ...?
MELIA: It's just that... For some reason it's harder for me to manifest anything.
Whenever I try something, I just become so exhausted, and when I don't, it's sorta hard to stop myself.
So I just haven't.
ERIN: I've seen Allen and Alice also summon things without any issue...
I wonder why it's harder for you specifically?
MELIA: I don't know, but it's concerning. I don't know what to make of it.
I can't have myself passing out for days at a time anymore. I'll hold everyone back.
I think... I think there's something wrong with me.
ERIN: I'm sure you'll get the hang of it eventually.
Maybe it has something to do with how these powers awakened in the first place.
For the rest of us, it was when we were caught in that explosion back at the Grand Dream Ball.
MELIA: For me, it was when I was blasted off the side of Blacksteeple Castle.
All of our instances involved us getting hurt? No, more than that... It's when we were brought to the brink of death.
ERIN: Or perhaps it's even further than that. We could have died, and these powers work like some sort of backup generator.
MELIA: Rrgh... I think I need a nap.
ERIN: Me too. We don't have anything else to do today, so maybe we should just take a break.
MELIA: Don't have to tell me twice, hah.
\ts[1]Day 18 | \PN's day of training. Part 2!
DAY 29 | The Final Day: Graduation.
DAY 30 | The Mission.
That way we can both personally assess your skills while also having an official league battle.
SCIENTIST: The Obelisk on the outskirts of town seems to be made of Black Shard!
Guess there's no surprise there, but it's still fascinating!
ALEXANDRA: The battlefield here has the capability of transforming itself!
I wonder what this battle will have?
ALEXANDRA: Hello, my friend! Are you ready to begin training?
Make sure you're ready.
ALEXANDRA: Then let's begin.
...\| \n My name is Erin. \| \n I don't have a last name.
I don't have a family either, or at least, that used to be the case.
Today is November 1st.
Per the recommendation of Aelita and Melia, I have become the group's tactician.
I'm honored to receive this position. I won't take it lightly.
As a way to review my work, I've decided to record our progress.
We're all strong in our own right, but we lack true synergy and discipline.
That's what Damien confided with me, anyway.
Regardless, I won't let everyone down.
"Day 03 | Aelita's Departure."
ERIN: After the events at Eclysia, Aelita never did get the chance to bathe in the pyramid's water.
An important part of Aelita's growth lies within unlocking the final node of her true self.
So it was on this day that I decided to send Aelita off on her own, as she originally intended.
We estimate her journey taking a little bit over a week.
"Day 08 | \PN's Training."
ERIN: Today was the day that Damien and I would assess \PN's capabilities and further them.
I don't know what Damien meant by this, but in hindsight it was obvious.
\PN was expected to be in the training room first thing.
DAMIEN: We'll just see how well you're able handle Mega Evolution.
Whenever you're ready.
ERIN: Choose a team, and then take your place.
MELIA: I'm ready whenever you are, \PN! Good luck to you!
VENAM: Er... I hope this goes well. I haven't been feeling like battling recently.
You'll probably win anyways, but that's fine.
REN: I'm going for the win, so you better take me seriously!
ERIN: I could use your help. This girl is doing what she does best. Be stubborn.
Not even I can get her to say anything.
GUARD: We've tried getting Cassandra to speak up, but she won't budge at all.
Maybe that's a good thing.
ALICE: I can... Make my own decisions now, can't I?
ALICE: ...
O-Oh, please forgive me. I've been so... lost in thought lately.
\PN... \|You make your own decisions, right?
ALICE: W-Wow, really? That's amazing. I wish... I could be like that.
ALICE: Oh... So you're just like me then. Aimlessly wandering on this earth.
But that won't do... that won't do at all.
REN: I have lots to think about... Huh? Oh, sorry \PN. Lost in thought.
REN: \PN, I've been thinking...
Do you think Narcissa will notice how much I've changed?
Back then I was so... aggressive and harsh on her.
She saw right through me and knew I was on the wrong path.
REN: Yeah, I think if Narcissa and I spoke over some tea, everything would work out.
When I was younger, I used to visit her all the time and help her with small things like brewing tea.
When we get a moment of rest, I should brew us both a cup!
REN: Hm... Perhaps you're right. It'll take some work before I'm presentable.
Thanks for the talk, \PN.
MELIA: Oh dear... What do we do \PN? Maybe we should give her some space...
ALICE: Goodness... Sorry, \PN, but I will be rooting for my sister.
But I hope you do well anyway!
KANON: Please interact with the table's interface to send us all on our way.
Jenner was your father.
That's kinda cool!
You'll be the Sensei too!
What about GDC?
You mean Marianette?
My third badge?
What?
I'm pumped.
I'm excited, I guess...
Eh...
Hello...?
They're my friends.
None of your business.
Yes
No
Why me?
I'm on it.
Goddamnit...
For my Mom.
For everyone.
...The statues?
The Soul Stone
I have no idea...
I don't remember...
It couldn't have been me...
I'm ready.
Hold that thought...
Pretty Much
Hell no, give me a task!
Talk to her next time
You need some work...
[Map442]
MOM: This place is called Zeight. It is a dimension that has been constructed around your cognition.
Your mind dictates what this place looks like, and how it functions.
It was created by the ancients for the purpose of assisting the Interceptor.
A term I'm sure you're quite bored of hearing about now.
Nevertheless, it's your destiny, it seems...\| But why you? Why can't you just live peacefully...?
MOM: Come, this way.
MOM: This person looks familiar to you, does he not?
MOM: This man was called Kenneth. He was from Four Island, Sevii Islands.
Kenneth lost his love, Taelia, and somehow joined Team Xen.
Throwing his past aside, he renamed himself "Keta", which was a combination of his and Taelia's name.
Are you confused on why he is here?
MOM: Ah... It's okay, \PN. I'm here to be your guide.
Like I said before, this place is structured around your cognition. The inner working of your mind.
As a result, the people you've met throughout your journey should appear all around Zeight.
But, um, if you have questions, please don't be afraid to ask!
MOM: That's correct! Because this place is based off your cognition, this includes your personal relationships with people.
But these only include deep relationships you've built.
Random trainers or people you've talked to along the way, unless they impacted you in a meaningful way, will not show up.
It seems Kenneth here has left some sort of impression on you. A connection, at some point, was made.
Because of this, and the Core's power, you can see things this person has gone through to help further your understanding of them.
Let's try this out now. Please touch the wire frame that's surrounding Kenneth.
???: Welcome, Interceptor.
???: Welcome to Zeight. I am your guide. You may call me Nymiera.\|
NYMIERA: I see... You've met me before? That must be some kind of mistake.
NYMIERA: Are you confused? Please, do not be alarmed.
Oh... Please excuse me, it seems you have already come here with a host in mind?
In that case, please follow me, Interceptor.
NYMIERA: Your host must be logged into the system through this panel.
When this is done, I shall pass my admin credentials over to them.
Please do so now.
NYMIERA: Please, this way.
MOM: This place is called Zeight. It is a place that has been constructed around your cognition.
It was created by the Garufans for the purpose of assisting the Interceptor.
Adrest is floating idly inside of his wire frame.
MOM: I'm sorry for stopping you again, but I have to be quite honest...
When I think of you, this place isn't exactly what comes to mind.
And if this place is shaped by your psyche, your cognition, then why has it taken this shape?
Something's not quite right here...
Welcome to the Interceptor Life-hold.
What do you wish to look into?
Commencing Life Level analysis.
\ts[1]Analyzing...
Analyzation complete.
\c[2]Life Levels appear to be extremely low! Please continue your mission with caution!
\c[2]Loss of Life Levels will result in complete obliteration of the Interceptor and the Interceptor Program.
\c[2]This concludes the Life Level Analysis.
Commencing Life Usage Analysis.
\c[2]Life Usage is used by two separate hosts, which host will you look further into?
\c[2]Host 2 has lost life 3 time(s). These include combustion. Obliteration by explosion. Incineration by beam.
Current life lost: 75%.
\c[2]Host 1 has lost life 1 time(s). Severe head injury by a blast of powerful psychic energy.
Current life lost: 25%.
Commencing Host Analysis.
\c[2]Current Interceptor Host is: \PN.
\c[2]\PN is currently being co-hosted by: \c[6]Crescent.
Current Host is \PN. Secondary Co-Host is Crescent.
Displaying Co-Host Crescent immediately.
MOM: Crescent!
MOM: I should've known she was involved in this somehow.
MOM: \PN... I never wanted to have this conversation with you.
I thought you would think less of me if I did tell you.
But I'm sure it's painfully obvious that we are not related in any way.
MOM: Yes... Well, there's more to this story.
MOM: ...
I am not a human being. I was created to look like \c[6]another person.
My true form was the "Mysterious Black Box" you had earlier.
Back when I was attacked at Blacksteeple, I knew that my life meant nothing if you weren't in it.
When Madame X killed my physical form, I held off as long as I could to remain looking human.
Eventually my physical form returned to the Black Box.
But where did I come from? Who created me?
I came from a lab somewhere in this region. I was created by two people.
Unfortunately, I cannot recall who they were.
However, I do recall that at some point, my Black Box was stolen.
And the person who stole that Black Box was Crescent.
MOM: Crescent configured my Black Box to look the way I do now, and awakened me.
CRESCENT: I order you to awaken at once.
Can't go here yet!
MOM: The more I exist in this world, the more of Nymiera's data gets merged with mine.
You've met her in the real world once, haven't you?
This may sound ludicrous, but the Nymiera present within the database of Zeight is actually older than the human one in the real world.
That Nymiera came second? Where did she come from anyway?
And why does she hold so much info at her fingertips?
So much to uncover...
MOM: We're close, \PN. The center is just up ahead.
There's nothing this way...
MOM: The Obelisk, the structure you've entered through, acts as an apparatus for the Core.
Which...\| Um...\| It seems I can't access the Core's data.
Even with Nymiera's admin credentials, that info is locked.
But anyway, remember when I said this place was built to assist you?
I have an example of that nearby. Please come this way.
There's a slot for some sort of component to go into.
The slot is a perfect size for the Mysterious Black Box!
Insert the Mysterious Black Box?
\PN placed the Mysterious Black Box into the machine!
NYMIERA: Downloading...
\ts[1]Downloading...
\ts[1]Downloading...\| Complete.
It was an honor serving you.
Where...?
Where am I?
MOM: \PN... Is that you?! How is this possible?
I thought I was...
...That's right, Madame X dealt the finishing blow at Blacksteeple Castle.
That I remember well-- But just look at you... You're so different, yet the same.
You've grown so much, I...
I'm sorry, I shouldn't be weak now. We've finally been reunited.
MOM: I missed you too, \PN. I missed you so very dearly.
But I must admit, I did not expect us to meet again, especially like this.
How were you able to retrieve my Core?
MOM: I'm unsure... After Madame X stabbed me, I...
MOM: I don't know myself.
MOM: I feel like there's something about this place I should know.
MOM: Ah...!
I see, so that's the reason... Things are becoming clearer.
\PN, I'm sure you have many questions, but for now we must depart.
I finally understand why I've returned. Nymiera has given me the key to this place.
Please, \PN. Follow me.
MOM: When we met, a bond between us formed immediately.
And you know how the story goes from then on.
But to think that she shares the same life hold as you do...
This life hold is where the Interceptor may "cheat" death for a limited amount of times.
Between the two of you, there's only enough energy for about\c[6] one more chance.
\PN... You must be careful from here on out. If you perish again...
There is no second chance.
MOM: I'm sorry, \PN, but that's all I can do for you at the moment.
The data flow into my component is slow, but it is going.
Eventually I'll have all the info I need to assist you properly.
MOM: Please, take this data file. This has everything you need to wake Adrest up.
And also, I found this within the depths of this world.
Here, take it.
MOM: The power of this gem is great. With it, you'll be able to aid your friends in their time of need.
When the time comes, you'll know when to use this, but...
It is time for you to return to the real world.
MOM: Oh...! Don't worry about me!
I'll be waiting patiently in here for you to return, and even then...
As long as you have the Black Box with you, I'll always be by your side.
MOM: But you must return to your friends and achieve your goal.
Goodbye, \PN. \|I love you.
\PN returned to the real world.
Interact with Kenneth's wire-frame?
\PN interacted with the wire-frame.
Kenneth's wire-frame.
MOM: Here he is. This is Adrest. The fallen soul that inhabited Arceus.
MOM: ...!
Why did I just suddenly know that? I mean, I know why, it's just...
To just stare at something like this and immediately know without any prior context is just jarring.
Anyhoo... This is the Cerebral Core. This is where your deepest and inner thoughts are structured.\|
MOM: That there lies the problem. Adrest cannot wake in this state.
Normally, the Obelisk itself would have the power to wake Adrest, but...
It seems the Obelisk lost the power to do so by being dormant for centuries.
Hm... Or perhaps he's purposefully in this state?
Does...\| Does he refuse to wake for some reason?
MOM: That is yet to be seen. He should be able to awaken himself with the power of the Obelisk, but...
MOM: Your guess is as good as mine. Even with all this info I've been granted, I don't know the answer to that question.
MOM: ...I'll have to do some digging through the files.
I'll be back in a moment. Until then... I guess just take a look around?
Sorry...
MOM: To further understand Kenneth, please interact with his wire-frame.
MOM: Oh dear... That wasn't a particularly good memory.
Kenneth was a kind soul, but he must've been pushed to the edge to make such a remark.
Regardless, this should've given you more insight.
Hm, we should continue our way to the center.
Uh... Yes??
...
My Cognition?
Nymiera?
Uh...
Life Levels
Life Usage
Current Host
Host 2
Host 1
None
...I know.
Yes
No
I missed you...
How did you get back?
What's happening?
What will happen to you?
I don't want to leave you...
If I have to...
How do I wake up Adrest?
When will Adrest wake?
Why is Adrest here?
[Map443]
\PN looked around the bookshelf and found another note lodged between a weird looking book!
"EMMA: Remove the third book from the bottom."
\PN removed the book specified by Emma.
EMMA: "Architectural Secrets of Blacksteeple Castle - A Mystery, A Wonder".
Well, if this doesn't scream exactly what I want, I don't know what will.
EMMA: Huh, what's this?
EMMA: Oh wow, these are the floor plans to the Blacksteeple Library!
I'm surprised this hasn't been taken away. Maybe they didn't feel like it'd be worth the time.
Wait a minute, something about these floor plans... Something's not quite right?
I should study this picture and see what the differences are.
The books here are interesting. They're all accounts about this so-called "Pokemon War".
The region is close to Kalos. Could it be speaking about the Kalos War?
Your party has been healed!
EMMA: This is closed shut too... Am I done here?
ZOROARK: Zorraa!
NEVED: Emma, are you awake?\| I need to speak with you for a bit.
NEVED: I wanted to-
NEVED: I... I see that you're very hungry.
I was just going to give you your first mission,\| but,\| is this a bad time?
EMMA: Bbbrrriiii!
NEVED:\ts[1] C-\|C\|ould\| you repeat that?
Uh, actually, I think I'll let you just eat. I'll speak to you in the morning.
ZOROARK: Brriiii!
EMMA: This bookcase isn't on the floor plans, in fact, there should be a door.
I think I just found my way through.
???: Well look who it is...\| Our bonafide, lovable, mole.
EMMA: What are you doing up? You should be asleep.
CICI: So should you, mole. I heard that conversation you had with Neved.
EMMA: You were eavesdropping?
CICI: I got ears all throughout this castle. You'll never see me, but I'm there.
An invisible beast that feasts on the talk of others.
EMMA: Weird,\| I see a rat right in front of me. So much for invisible.
CICI: You think you're so clever. But I'll have the last laugh!
Just wait till the Warden hears about the secret passage behind that bookcase.
EMMA: You wouldn't.
CICI: Try me.
EMMA: I won't give you that chance!
O-Okay, let's calm down there. No need to be so angry!
CICI: Wh-Whoa.\| Okay, let's hold on there for a sec. Let's not-
EMMA: Bed time.
EMMA: Now, let's see what's behind this door.
MADELIS: Really? You can't do this? This should be easy for something like you.
MOM: I'm sorry, but I'm just not the same as the others.
I wasn't made for something like this.
NASTASIA: You should be familiar with this sort of thing. After all, you're both from the same manufacturer.
MOM: There's nothing that can be done.
MADELIS: Nastasia, this is what you got yourself in trouble for?
Another unauthorized mission after another. It doesn't end with you.
NASTASIA: I don't have to prove, or explain myself to anyone, especially you.
MADELIS: Alright, alright. No need to get so defensive.
NASTASIA: Whatever, let's just keep things moving.
EMMA: Xen Executives... It's as I suspected. This is a Xen-run facility.
NASTASIA: What's holding you up?! Get in here now.
MOM: I...\| Uh,\| nothing.\| I'll be there in a sec.
EMMA: Why didn't she rat me out? Is she a prisoner too?
What is this place?
Well, I gotta say... You can't really be bored here in the castle.
There's loads of books to read, and a lot of work to do.
SAKI: Everyone, \PN's here!
SAKI: \PN, meet Braixen!\| Braixen, meet \PN.
BRAIXEN: Pleased to meet you! My name is Braixen!
BRAIXEN: Heheh, surprised that I can talk?
This is all possible because of Saki's invention.
SAKI: Yeah! Braixen and I have been friends for a long time.
BRAIXEN: Well, you see... When Team Xen kidnapped us, Saki returned me to a Pok Ball so I wouldn't get hurt.
When we arrived, I felt really weird. The Sigils were affecting me negatively.
Luckily for me, Saki found this secret place while being nosey.
SAKI: Noseyness can be helpful!\| In some cases.
BRAIXEN: We're not really sure? It's a place the Guards definitely don't know about.
When we arrived here, Saki found this place while scouting the area.
And I'm forever thankful, because the Sigils placed around the castle were affecting my thoughts.
And I'm independent. I don't have a trainer, and I don't want one.
So being able to hang back here is wonderful.
SAKI: See? Being nosey can be useful! \|In some cases!
BRAIXEN: Yeah, but sometimes it's hard being back here.
It's pretty lonely and I don't know what goes on in the castle.
ADAM: You don't have to worry too much. We brought \PN here because we want to discuss a plan of escape.
VALARIE: That's right. So, to start off... We're going to have to find a way to disable those Sigils.
ADAM: When Saki messed with the one in the Mines, a panel asking for a passcode showed up.
I'm sure that's one way to do it. There may be others.
SAKI: Finding out that pass code is near impossible, though.
I've skimmed through some of the bookshelves in the library and did find some numbers, but I don't think any of them have any use here.
VALARIE: Why do you say that?
SAKI: They had more characters. the pass code only accepts 5 numbers.
ADAM: Well then what now?
VALARIE: ...
Hey, isn't there a Sigil at the Garden that's malfunctioning?
Maybe we can find something from that?
ADAM: Possible, but there's always a Guard stationed by it.
SAKI: If you guys need a distraction, I'm your gal!
BRAIXEN: You sure that's safe?
SAKI: No!
BRAIXEN: Oh boy... We better follow her and make sure she'll be okay.
EMMA: ...
SAKI: Well, as you can see! We have a small problem!
Um, actually, it's a pretty big problem.
BRAIXEN: She just walked in here last night. Out of nowhere, but...
If you knuckleheads would just stop and listen for a second, she could explain herself.
VALARIE: Explain herself? She's already done that by joining Neved.
EMMA: I can explain that too, if you just give me the chance.
ADAM: We might as well, she's already here.
Fine, but if we're not convinced-
EMMA: You will be, I just need a second.
Sigh... Okay, we don't have time to sit around asking questions so I'll get to the point.
I'm a double agent. I'm only working with Neved so that I have free roam of the castle.
My goal is to get everyone off this island. \|Before it's too late.
VALARIE: That's a cute story, but I still don't see any evidence.
EMMA: You can ask \PN. I purposefully lost against them so that they could reunite with someone they lost.
VALARIE: What?
EMMA: The Prestige Room? There's a secret area behind the bookcase.
When you go through it, there's a gigantic secret area. It's where Team Xen is keeping the mechanisms for the Sigils.
It's also where they're keeping the passengers of the ocean liner, the S.S. Oceana.
BRAIXEN: I can also vouch that what she said is true!
ADAM: How?
BRAIXEN: She showed me. The secret passageway she came through led directly to that area.
That person \PN lost was their mother! I spoke to her myself, for reference.
Alright, I'll trust you, but if I even get an inkling of suspicious behavior-
EMMA: I understand. Do what you must, but I'm serious.
ADAM: In that case, how will you go through with all this?
EMMA: Heh...\| I have a plan. A plan that leaves no room for error.
But that's just the nature of our situation, isn't it?
SAKI: Go on!
EMMA: A few nights ago I snooped around the docks. I saw a huge ship that will hold all of us.
The only problem is that it requires a key to turn on. I suspected that it might've been in Neved's possession, but...
I walked in on Neved torturing Aelita with electricity.
EMMA: She's being held on the lower floors of the castle.
No one's seen her because she's only been out at night.
In my haste to help Aelita, I forgot about the key.\| I'm sorry.
VALARIE: Don't be, you did the right thing.
BRAIXEN: But what will we do now? We need that key for the ship.
EMMA: Don't give up hope. I've re-thought my my strategy.
Here's what I thought out so far...
EMMA: First, we'll have Valarie win a tournament so that she can win a night in the Prestige Room.
BILLY: D'oh! No food tonight again, I guess...
EMMA: When night falls, Valarie will pull Saki and Braixen up to the Prestige Room.
Then you three will follow the secret path down to the hidden mines.
EMMA: The minecarts are sent out when there's approximately 45 pieces of ore loaded in the cart.
To make sure there's enough to send through, Adam's going to mine as many rocks as he can.
This way he can stack up 45 ores for Braixen and Saki to get into the control room.
EMMA: The three of them will meet up with Nancy and destroy the Sigil's control room when I give the signal.
That signal being communicated by this radio I stole from one of the guards.
SAKI: We're down by the main control panel, over!
Hehehehe...
EMMA: \PN will wait in their room until the Sigils are disabled.
They will lead the rebellion from the lower floors and take out the guards.
EMMA: As for me, I'll go back to Neved and try my best and find that key.
After all, that's the most important part of this mission.
EMMA: Neved? Are you in there? I need to talk to you.
NEVED: Yes, come in.
NEVED: It's good you came, I wanted to talk to you too.
EMMA: Oh? What about?
NEVED: Probably best for you to go first.
EMMA: Fine with me.
I wanted to talk to you more about this place.
I hope you don't mind, but I took a stroll down to the pier where you found me.
NEVED: And?
EMMA: I noticed there was a ship there. I was dumbfounded by its marvelousness.
NEVED: That's my ship. It was given to me when I adopted this castle.
EMMA: Wow! I wouldn't exactly call myself a ship aficionado, but I do enjoy observing certain vessels.
NEVED: Is that so? Well, when this is all over, I can take it for a ride.
EMMA: Well, about that...\| I was wondering if we could do one today?
I'm just really excited to see it in motion, you know?
NEVED: Unfortunately, that isn't possible.
EMMA: Huh? Why? I was really excited to go for a ride, too...
NEVED: ...Hmph. You remind me of my daughter.
Young, but spunky and enthusiastic.
She would always ask me to take her for rides along the sea.
EMMA: I don't blame her. It's an experience.
NEVED: But nevertheless, it's impossible.
It seems like this place is coming to an end today.
EMMA: ...Coming to an end?
NEVED: A few days ago I've received notice that we've met our quota, and that \c[6]Madame X will be appearing soon.
EMMA: Wh-What?!
NEVED: You're surprised? Do you happen to know that name?
EMMA: The key... I need the key to your ship!
NEVED: Excuse me?
EMMA: If Madame X is coming, then I can't stay here!
I'll ask one of the guards down by the pier to take me away from the island!
NEVED: If you fear for your life. I wouldn't. I will protect you.
I've already told Madame X of your involvement, and she approves of your efforts here.
In fact, when this is all over, she may ask you to become an Admin.
EMMA: I can't...\| I just...
NEVED: ...I understand. Will you feel better if I give you a key?
EMMA: ...Yes.
Emma received the \c[2]Vessel Key.
NEVED: Do you plan on leaving now?
NEVED: Just make you sure you're on the ship by the afternoon.
Shh... I'm hiding back here. I don't want to do my work, y'hear!
EMMA: So this is the machine that controls the Sigils?
Which means, potentially, I could disable them from here.
EMMA: Wait, something's wrong here...\| The computer doesn't seem to be running properly.
But not in the way I expected. \c[6]This looks like sabotage.
As if the machine is killing itself in some way.
That woman with the pink hair... She was the one they were asking to fix the machines.
I wonder if...\| She was the one who sabotaged it in the first place...
Madelis and Nastasia took off in that direction, and the woman in the opposite-
She didn't rat me out earlier, maybe I could... Maybe I can get her to speak to me.
GUARD: Neved, sir? I brought \PN.
NEVED: Let them in.
GUARD: Of course, sir.
NEVED: Comfortable?
You're not one to talk much.\| I can respect that.
You know, we've met each other twice before. Do you remember?
It was quite some time ago, and it was so brief, I don't expect you to remember.
But it was when the S.S. Oceana was capsizing, and then when you appeared before us at our HQ.
For you to appear here at my castle is... Well, it's almost like it was fate, don't you agree?
The people that brought you here... Death Wings, we call them.
They are amongst the highest ranking members of Team Xen.
I'm sure you're wondering why they've-- we've, been abducting people left and right?
The reason is because of\c[6]\| you.
Your recent meddling has caused our leader, Madame X, to become extremely on edge.
She planned on hunting you down personally, but in the end she decided against it.
If she got rid of you, she was sure another "hero" would pop up eventually.
So as for right now, containment is the answer.
You know, if you hadn't been so annoying, our plans would've been completed as of now.
That whole debacle with that girl, Melia-- Being a member of Team Xen was terrifying when Madame X found out Melia had died.
I rarely, truly, feel fear,\| but that day...
NEVED: Your concern is touching, it is. Don't worry, she's safe.
She's just been... experiencing some punishment that was well owed.
Nothing that's any fault of her own, but... Just a little act of revenge towards an old "friend" of mine.
Anyway, we're done here. I think you've served your bit of detention already.
NEVED: Ouch, no worry for your friend? I'll be sure to mention this later.
But don't worry, she's safe, and yes, we're done here.
If I see you again for any kind of offense, I'll take away your Pokemon privileges.
And then you'll truly be powerless.
NEVED: You doing well? You've been out cold,\| literally,\| for a couple of hours.
???: ...
NEVED: Alright, let's start here:\| What is your name?
???:\ts[1] It's...\| It's Emma.
NEVED: Okay, Emma. I'll just cut right to the chase. What are you doing here?
EMMA: I would like to answer that question, but I don't really know what "here" is.
NEVED: You're at Blacksteeple Castle. Does that ring a bell?
EMMA: ...I've heard of the place before. An old abandoned castle off the shores of the Atrica Region, namely Neverwinter.
Which is why I was out tonight. My grandmother called for me, so I came all this way to visit her.
But then I was caught in the Blizzard and lost consciousness due to the cold.
NEVED: Well, this blizzard has ruined you in more ways than one.
Unfortunately, you've stumbled upon something you weren't meant to.
And because of this, I must subject you to the same fate everyone else has been bound to.
Guards, take Emma away and put her in one of the cells like the rest.
EMMA: W-Wait, hear me out. I have something to say.
GUARD: Yes sir.
NEVED: What is it then?
EMMA: Don't just throw me away into a cell like everyone else.
Allow me to help you with whatever it is you're doing here.
NEVED: You must be joking, girl. Laughable. Why should I entertain this idea?
EMMA: While I was being carried into the castle, I was still conscious.
I could hear the guards complain about there being one more mouth to feed, one more person to look after.
Based on their tone of voice, I could tell that things here are becoming even more difficult to maintain.
I worked with people before, I know how to handle them.
Not only that, but I'm strong. I can hold my own.
NEVED: Those are bold words. But that's just what they are, words.
EMMA: Allow myself to prove myself then. Is there such a way to?
NEVED: Hmph... There may just be a suitable test.
Alright, succeed at this task I bestow upon you and I'll... consider your offer.
EMMA: Deal.
EMMA: Is there something you need from me?
NEVED: I wanted to speak to you last night, but you were...\| hungry.
EMMA: What?
NEVED: I-I see, we're just not going to talk about that. Fine.
EMMA: I have no idea what you're talking about, but okay.
NEVED: I want you to keep an eye on \PN and their group.
This group consists of Valarie Kersey, Adam Might, and Saki Blakeory.
EMMA: What have they done to warrant such a thing?
NEVED: I just have my suspicions, that's all.
EMMA: Alright, if you say so.
EMMA: Actually, I would like to ask you something before I leave.
More of a continuation of a past question.
NEVED: You want to know why we allow battling here at the prison?
Why we don't just confiscate what they own?
EMMA: Are you going to answer?
NEVED: Let me put it this way:\| It doesn't matter how the end of this castle plays out.
Whether a riot breaks out, or complete compliance, we'll get what we want.
EMMA: A riot is fine?\| At a prison?\| What?
NEVED: Humor me for a moment.\| What happens when a riot breaks out?
EMMA: Lots of people get hurt. Most of the time, innocent.
NEVED: Oh it goes much further than a few more innocent people getting hurt.
People die in the most brutal of ways. That's just how things go.
So... You want your prisoners to die in a riot?
NEVED: Whether they do or not is irrelevant.
EMMA: You're confusing me, but I'll just think about it.
NEVED: You do that. You're dismissed.
EMMA: Alright, Neved. Where are you hiding this key?
EMMA: What was that?
EMMA: Again? Where is that coming from? A room nearby?
It seems to be books on how to handle domestic abuse.
It seems to be owned by someone named "Anathea".
EMMA: These robots caused the minecarts to move when they all placed themselves on the panels.
If I can get this thing on the panel, I can-
BOT: Unauthorized interaction. Self-defense mode initiated.
EMMA: Uh... Oh no.
Self-Deactivation initiated.
BOT: Deactivation.
EMMA: Huh, that worked.\| I think I can drag these things to their respective spots now.
EMMA: Once more, with feeling!
EMMA: Yeah, I get it. Let's get started.
\PN checked underneath the candelabra.\| \PN found a note!
"EMMA: If you're reading this, then you took my advice. Hopefully this is \PN and not someone else.
In the event this is someone else, well, there's nothing I can do.
If this is \PN, have a read in this room! If not, just go to sleep and don't mention this to anyone."
EMMA: Whoa.
EMMA: That was about a 2 second interval. If I can get another mine cart-
EMMA: If I can get the mining cart to run down the rails again, I'll be able to progress more.
But is it too risky?
EMMA: No, if it means saving \v[12] and everyone else. It's worth the risk.
But how am I going to get it to move again? How often do they come down?
Maybe I can force it to happen...
NEVED: Our "guests" have become rowdy. And on today of all days.
GUARD: Sir, the S.S. Oceana prisoners have been freed.
Not only that, but the prisoners on the lower levels have been released too, including Aelita.
NEVED: Where is Emma?
GUARD: I don't know. None of us have seen her for a while.
NEVED: Hmph. Gather the guards and protect the castle.
I'll make my way to the castle's pinnacle.
We need everyone to be calmed, even if you have to resort to destroying them.
Madame X will be here soon. Even if this place is in chaos, we have to make sure she's pleased with whatever's going on.
GUARD: I'm afraid I don't understand... But I will do my best.
NEVED: See to it.
NEVED: ...
EMMA: I should check out the computer before going this way.
EMMA: Um, excuse me?
MOM: Wh-What? What are you doing here?
You shouldn't be here, if Nastasia finds you--
What if I were one of them? This would get you in so much trouble!
EMMA: I don't think you would be behind these bars if you were with them.
MOM: Yeah...
EMMA: Why are you locked up down here? What's the purpose of separating you from everyone?
MOM: It's not just me down here. Everyone who was captured on the S.S. Oceana was placed down here.
EMMA: The S.S. Oceana passengers are here?!
MOM: Yes, but I don't plan on staying here for too much longer.
EMMA: Then are you the one who sabotaged the Sigil's operation stand?
MOM: ...
EMMA: It's alright, you don't have to say it aloud. I understand.
But I'm here to help you. I came to this island to save a friend. An old friend.
MOM: What's their name?
MOM: It's... you! It really is you!
MOM: Emma was telling the truth then...\| I see.
I longed for the day we reunited, \PN, but I wish it weren't in this circumstance.
MOM: Y-Yes, I'm doing just fine now that you're here.
It's been rough, for both of us, but now we've reunited here.
But I am... Happy. Happy that you're thinking of me.
We didn't have much time before, so... I didn't think you loved me, but--
MOM: There's not much you can do here. Not by yourself.
But I appreciate that you're thinking of ways to do so.
N-No, it doesn't matter. This can all wait. We're on limited time.
\PN, Emma found her way down here and told me that you were here.
She told me she was working for the Warden, but... I think we can still trust her.
That girl has good intentions.
As for our situation, we're going to need to act quickly.
This is how we can save everyone. Please listen closely.
EMMA: Alright, let's try this again!
HEALING PARTY...
Adam crushed this rock to pieces!
It's a mysterious rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
\PN got an ore!
The rock seems too hard to break.
The rock has lost all of its luster.
NEVED: How are you enjoying the room?
EMMA: It's fancy, but no matter how fancy it is, it's still a prison.
NEVED: Well, that's just what comes with the territory.
Even though you're my assistant, doesn't mean you're off scot free.
EMMA: So then you've taken up my offer? A good choice, I promise.
NEVED: We'll see. As I said before, you're still a prisoner, so there are rules.
You must adhere to curfew, and you must sleep in the cells below.
That is, unless you keep winning a night in this luxurious room.
But as my assistant, you do not have to mine the gems daily, or tend to the castle's garden.
EMMA: A fair proposal. I accept these terms.
NEVED: Good.\| Get a good night's rest. I'll have your first assignment ready for you tomorrow.
EMMA: I understand, but before you go, can I ask you something?
NEVED: What is it?
EMMA: Why are you all keeping people here?
NEVED: Because it was a job placed under my responsibility by my superiors.
EMMA: Your superiors?
NEVED: Namely my boss,\c[6] Madame X.
But why? Is containment the only reason? To strip them of power?
If that were the case, you'd have confiscated everyone's Pokemon instead of putting those Sigils in place.
NEVED: Battling is a necessity, to the grand scheme of things.
That's all I'll say. Good night.
EMMA: Goodnight.
EMMA: Now that he's gone... I can finally get to work.
The legendary Prestige Room. Thankfully, due to a little bit of intel, I've learned something quite interesting about you.
If that intel was correct, then this room should be connected to another room.
\ts[1]Should be...
\ts[1]Somewhere...
\ts[1]In here...
EMMA: Huh?\| Why is this one so much harder to get out?
Come out, you pesky thing!
*Beep*
EMMA: Looks like it was correct after all.\| Good.
But I can't just leave. If Neved comes back, it's over.
EMMA: Hey, I need your help!
EMMA: So, why do you look like that right now? I told you to stay as a Wailmer.
I know you can't actually swim and carrying me was uncomfortable, but we have to keep up appearances.
WEEPINBELL: Kerrrrr!
ZOROARK: Zrooa!
EMMA: Yeah, yeah. I know, but it'll work out, I promise.
Listen, I need you to transform into me and lay down in that bed over there.
Here, you can even have the rest of my dinner. I didn't finish it.
EMMA: Thanks, and if Neved comes in, just pretend to sleep, and if you're eating, just...\| keep eating?
EMMA: Alright, please behave.
EMMA: Well, that's closed now. Hopefully I can get back through when I'm done doing... whatever this is?
GUARD: Alright, \PN. Let's get some things clear.
You've only won this room for tonight. If you wish to stay here longer, you'll have to win more matches.
Dinner has been set on the table. We'll clean up in the morning.
Leaving this room is prohibited, just like your regular cell. Don't cause a mess.
We'll be waking you up at 7am to escort you out. Don't give us trouble. Good night.
EMMA: Can't go this way. Neved might be up at the Pinnacle.
MOM: The machine is rejecting the gems. They won't supply the energy needed to \c[6]power the Sigils.
MADELIS: You do understand what's going to happen once the Sigils stop functioning?
NASTASIA: Well, if you want to get technical, it'll be an unstoppable armageddon.
Unstoppable, that is, until Madame X arrives.
MADELIS: That's a lot of faith in Madame X. Why is that?
Not to pry, but you're the only one we don't know why, or what they're fighting for.
When all the executives got together and shared our stories, you were eerily quiet.
NASTASIA: Like I said, I don't have to explain to anyone.\| Especially\| you.
We wouldn't even be in this situation if you were just slightly more capable back at Carotos Mountain.
MADELIS: That cuts deep, Nastasia, but whatever.
MOM: Uhm, so yeah, there's nothing I can do. I can't fix it.
NASTASIA: Oh that's right, you're here. So boring that I forgot you were even a thing.
If you can't fix our problem, then we're going to have to find a different approach.
As for you, go back to your cell. Madelis and I have some brainstorming to do.
MOM: Yes Ma'am.
EMMA: Madame X...\| She's going to be here?!
But when? How long do we have?
If she arrives with the Sigils still intact, it's over for all of us.
What do I do...?
You found the book with the purple cover Saki mentioned earlier!
Read it?
"This letter is for \PN. If you're not \PN, then heck off!
\c[6] Take a stroll through the garden and walk north of the pond.
\c[6]a secret waits behind a wall of green.
If you don't get it, then yikes, but you should!"
You left the book alone.
???: Would you look at that? Seems the insect finally fell into our web.
NASTASIA: Looks like you were right, Madelis. Things fell into place, exactly as envisioned.
MADELIS: Beauty and brains? What a pair... I can't help being this marvelous.
So, \PN, thought you could just waltz in and mess with our plans?
A bold move from someone who got themselves locked up in prison.
NASTASIA: As they say, if you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
Let's sweep this up quickly. Madame X will be here soon, and we don't want this to be the first thing she sees.
???: We're not going down without a fight!
MOM: You two were so caught up in knocking out those three that you didn't even notice me hiding behind the machines!
NASTASIA: Great, now we have to deal with this sorry excuse.
Fine, let's just get this over with.
MOM: I'll take of Nastasia, you take care of Madelis!
MADELIS: What? Not good enough for you? So disgusting.
This ended in utter failure!
NASTASIA: That was annoying.
MADELIS: ...
NASTASIA: What's wrong with you? Sad because you lost again?
It happens, there's no cure for incompetence, but I suppose the same could be said to me.
NASTASIA: I'm not dumb, and I know when to quit, so we'll back off for now.
But let's see if you can get every single person off this island before Madame X arrives.
MADELIS: You're right, Nastasia. This outcome is superior.
Watching you hooligans run around aimlessly in hopes of escape will bring tears to me eyes.
Out of laughter, of course.\| Let's leave, Nastasia.
MOM: Whew... That was definitely a gambit. Waiting for someone to show up, I mean.
I used your friends as a distraction, I must apologize to them.
But I'm glad you're okay. That's what matters the most to me.
MOM: I missed you too!
I'm sorry our reunion had to happen like this, but it'll all be over soon.
Let's disable the signal and make sure they can't just re-enable it later.
MOM: Right, we have to disable this signal once and for all.
We have to make sure they can't just re-enable it again after some time.
MOM: We have to disable the signals and reduce the Sigils to nothing.
Come, let's wake your friends and begin.
SAKI: Youchie Wowchie... That shit hurted...
VALARIE: Perhaps freeing your mother so soon was a bold decision.
I think we might've gotten caught by a hidden surveillance cam, or something.
That woman, Nastasia, really was strong. Stronger than Saki, even.
SAKI: Yeah, I kinda got bonked on the head and that was all.
BRAIXEN: Oh well, it happens! It all turned out well in the end, didn't it?
MOM: Yes, and now we must do what we were assigned to.
Let's disable the Sigil's power source once and for all.
EMMA: Aelita, I'm here for you!
AELITA: Wh-What? What are you doing?
EMMA: I'm getting you, and everyone else off this island right now.
Are you able to fight?
AELITA: Yes-- I mean, what? How can we fight? They have those things that prevent us-
EMMA: \PN is taking care of that as we speak.
EMMA: It has begun...
AELITA: Wh-What has begun? Don't talk in such a scary way!
EMMA: Sorry, sorry! C'mon, I'll explain on the way.
EMMA: Perfect.
Okay, let's see what this place has in store for me.
EMMA: The bookcase closed itself. Hopefully I can come back through this way...
EMMA: What are these things? They're so creepy.
BRAIXEN: It's kind of weird that there's a shack back here.
It's just sort of here. It's fine with me, though.
BRAIXEN: Oh? I didn't expect you to come all the way back here again.\| Welcome!
There's not much here, but feel free to take a look around~.
NEVED: I'm sorry, but that's the wrong answer, yet again.
My hand has been forced.
AELITA:\ts[1] Auuuughhhh!!!
EMMA: That's enough!
NEVED: Emma?!
EMMA: What on earth are you doing, Neved?!
NEVED: I was just giving our little prisoner a little taste of revenge.
Not on any fault of her own,\c[6] but her father, Keta.
EMMA: I don't care who she is or who her father is! No one deserves this!
I thought you told me you were above torture, you monster!
NEVED: Normally I am, but a certain phrase her father told me long ago rings in my head, and suddenly...
There is nothing beneath me, but Keta who rests in the ground.
EMMA: Putrid man!
NEVED: Call me what you like, but if you're so concerned with this random girl, then escort her back to her cell.
And then promptly back to yours. If I recall correctly, you're supposed to be there right now.
EMMA: I'm glad I wasn't.
Hey, I'll take you back to your bed. Don't worry, I have you now.
AELITA: ...
EMMA: I'm... I'm really sorry about Neved.
EMMA: You don't have to answer back. I just want you to know that... this won't last much longer.
AELITA: Who are you to even say that?\| Just go away.
EMMA: Alright, if that's what you want. I'll leave.
But know that I'm here to help. I'm going to get everyone off this island.
AELITA: What? Aren't you working with Neved?
EMMA: For now, but once I get what I need, I'm out of here.
AELITA: And what is it you're looking for?
EMMA: That's a secret, sorry.
AELITA: Figures.
EMMA: I'll be back for you, Aelita. Don't lose hope.
EMMA: Ugh, I was so caught up with Aelita that I forgot to look for that key.
The night is still young. I can't go to bed yet.
I was told that this castle is littered with secret passageways, and hidden corridors.
I wouldn't doubt that there's one in the library.
Perhaps I can find something if I snoop around some more.
EMMA: I could probably fly over to that side of the room.
"The Tale of the Hero and His Queen!"
"Long ago in the Kingdom of Aevium, a lone Queen looked over her land.
The Queen had her own appointed knight of light. Which she kept safe from harm.
At any point of adversity, the knight would protect his Queen above all else.
However, one threat they could not handle creeped up to their door.
The Hero met his end and fell in battle. Leaving his sword lifeless.
The enemy presented this sword to Her Majesty as a symbol of their defeat.
The Queen would not allow hope to cease. She strung back her bow and shot her final arrow.
Thus ending the war. "
EMMA: "The Tale of the Hero and His Queen!"
EMMA: ...I can't say I've ever heard of something like this happening in Aevium.
I-It must be a made up story for children. Quite an interesting read, though.
EMMA: They locked the door. Did that woman with the pink hair lock it?
\ts[12] Night 3 - Bittersweet Reunion.
What are you doing here?
Where's Aelita?
Are we done here?
Are you okay?!
How can I help you?!
Yes
No
I missed you.
Gotta disable the signal!
What next?
Let's Go!
Hold on...
[Map444]
[Map445]
MELIA: What can we do to help Vivian? Why is Kanon involved in this?
I have so many questions...
Anyway, feel free to turn in for the night. It's pretty late.
LOOKER: Hey, \PN! The Chief found someone who could help us out!
Two someones, actually!
Let's go greet them.
LOOKER: Ah! So you have accepted our request then! OK!
Boss! Things have turned out exactly how you thought they would!
???: So it seems they have. Excellent.
Please excuse this standoffish introduction. My name is Anabel, and this is Looker.
LOOKER: Ah, yes. About that... Loobel is a combination of my name and the Boss' name.
Looker is my codename, of course, but I thought it would be a good fit here.
LOOKER: Hello!
ANABEL: Glad we're all acquainted then. Let's start on why you're here.
As per the recording you heard downstairs, we know about your efforts vs Team Xen and specifically, Dimensional Rifts.
Oh, and before that, I'd like to stress that anything and everything discussed here is considered classified information.
LOOKER: Information that is top secret! No one else should know about this!
ANABEL: Additionally, for us to continue you must disclose any physical data of Rift Pokemon you may have.
<ac>\PN gave Anabel and Looker a copy of their Rift Notes.</ac>
ANABEL: The information in these notes... It's more than we could've hoped for!
LOOKER: Magnifique! \PN, you truly are a life saver!
ANABEL: Now that you've given us that information, it would only be right if we did the same.
Dimensional Rifts... Just what are they? And why do they produce Rift Matter?
Why do living beings have such an aversion to it? Why does it change our form?
LOOKER: Sidenote, In the estimated time of 45 seconds, the living being transforms.
We're here in Aevium to research just why this is, and why Dimensional Rifts have only been found in this region.
ANABEL: Crawli, another member of the International Police has given us intel on a certain Xen Executive, Zetta.
Apparently he was the only one who was able to create Dimensional Rifts...
But Zetta has been terminated, and thus, the ability to research Rifts have gone with him.
LOOKER: This is where you come in, \PN. We need you to tell us everything you know about Zetta.
LOOKER: Please excuse the overly dramatic interrogation set up!
ANABEL: We'd just like you to answer a few questions regarding Zetta, is all.
And please give us any information you think is important.
Right then, let's begin...
LOOKER: Boss, if this is true...
ANABEL: Then we've just made an important breakthrough.
\c[6]We should bring them in for a bit of questioning as well.
And this time, let's be a bit less formal about it...
ANABEL: Ms. Melia, please excuse us for dragging you in here like this.
But we'd like to ask you a few questions in regards to Team Xen and Zetta.
MELIA: Um, I'm not in trouble or anything, right...?
LOOKER: But of course not! We just want to make sure things we know line up correctly.
MELIA: U-Understood. Um, okay then. What do you need to know?
ANABEL: It has come to our attention that Zetta is a supposed clone of yourself.
Were you aware about this?
MELIA: It was mentioned to me when Zetta returned to being a Solosis, yes.
LOOKER: And it is noted that Zetta was the only one who could create Dimensional Rifts.
Do you know what this could imply?
MELIA: A-Ah... Yes, I understand what you're implying, but...
ANABEL: We'd never ask you to do such a thing. It's absolutely frowned upon.
However, we're curious if you know anything about the process of doing so.
MELIA: I'm sorry, I didn't learn about this until after Zetta had passed.
I don't know a thing about creating Dimensional Rifts...
ANABEL: I see... Then we've hit a wall here.
We'll conclude our investigation for now.
MELIA: That was a bit terrifying... I've never been interrogated by people like that before.
It was pretty uncomfortable... Even if they tried their best to be nice to us.
MELIA: Even if you're lying, thanks for saying that.
Makes me feel a little less like a wuss! Hehe.
MELIA: Well standard procedure sucks then...
Or maybe I'm just a wuss, which is completely possible!
MELIA: Um... Sorry. I guess I was being a bit childish there.
Sorry.
ANABEL: Apologies for the wait. We had a call with our higher ups.
I'm sorry to have wasted your time, but it seems we cannot proceed from here.
MELIA: H-Huh?!
ANABEL: You two don't have the information we need.
Without that info, we're stuck. That's all there is, really.
Thank you for your time. \PN, your reward will be delivered to you in the next few days.
MELIA: That was a bit sudden...
Anabel seemed really sad there... I feel really bad letting her off like this.
I'm going to go see if there's something we can do.
ANABEL: Huh? Is there something else I can do for you?
MELIA: Sorry, it didn't feel right just leaving the both of you like that.
I know \PN and I don't have much to offer in terms of info, but...
There's got to be something we can do?
ANABEL: Mmm...
MELIA: What made you all want to investigate Dimensional Rifts in the first place?
Is it purely because they're dangerous?
ANABEL: Melia, \PN... Do either of you know what Ultra Wormholes are?
MELIA: Ultra Wormholes? I remember reading that in an article some time ago...
Someone from the Aether Foundation in Alola opened them up and let loose things called Ultra Beasts into the wild.
LOOKER: ...That's correct! Absolutely fantastic response!
ANABEL: Well, with the help of the Champion of Alola, we were able to take care of the rogue UB's that plagued the wild.
Anyway, I bring up the Ultra Wormholes because Dimensional Rifts act very similar to them.
Portals to another world, where Rift Beings roam...
LOOKER: But unlike the wormholes, the Dimensional Rifts are unnatural.
And the monsters that spawn from them are even more terrifying than UB's.
ANABEL: Even with Zetta gone, Rift Pokemon can still come into existence with the presence of Rift Matter.
If they are created in bulk numbers, I'm not sure if it's possible to defeat all of them.
LOOKER: Alas, we must look elsewhere and find more about their origins.
ANABEL: If only I could talk to Zetta right now...
Sigh... \c[6]In my dreams, perhaps.
MELIA: Well, I'm going to stick around and help out in other ways if I can.
Please contact me whenever you need me.
LOOKER: Thank you, Melia. We shall.
MELIA: See you later, \PN.
ERICK: Ey, \PN. How's it goin'?
ANABEL: Oh, so you all already know each other? That makes things easy.
I contacted Melia last night and asked if she knew anyone who could help us with our predicament.
MELIA: Erick told me he has some proficiency in hacking when we were hanging out with him all that time ago!
And with his experience with dealing with Gardbodor, he just felt like the perfect pick!
ANABEL: I was relieved to know that it was you three that dealt with Code:Corroso!
And for the Garbodor to be in the process of recovery...
This is good news indeed.
ERICK: I'll be sure to do my best! I've learned from my best friend, Saki!
That door Anabel was telling me about? So easy. I'm practically a miracle worker!
ANABEL: We'll take your word for it then. When everyone's ready we should head back down into the caves.
LOOKER: Melia, \PN, Erick, thank you for your help with our investigation!
MELIA: Glad I could help in some way!
MELIA: Yes, it's good that we've been useful to some extent.
I'm hoping everything goes well with the investigation!
ERICK: Oh yeah, kinda same? Like, not really, but Melia just said she had a cool opportunity.
Honestly thought we were gonna go hang out at some convention, but this is cool too!
MELIA: ...Oh Erick, you're a special kind of guy.
I said I needed help with something!
ERICK: Yeaahhh...
ERICK: Wow, that's kinda rude \PN. I kind of have to respect it to some degree, but sheesh.
MELIA: I just think it was kind of rude...
LOOKER: That being said! \PN, please come speak to me whenever you're ready to venture back into the caves.
MELIA: I've been asked to stay behind, but I'm rooting for you guys!
LOOKER: Don't worry, \PN. We'll figure something out for sure!
LOOKER: Boss seems to have gotten some sort of lead, but she's so excited she won't even speak!
Now she's got me running around gathering as much data as we can!
ANABEL: Sorry, Looker! I'll explain everything in a bit!
LOOKER: Ah! Do not worry, Boss! If we have things to go off of then it's alright with me!
LOOKER: \PN! Ready to head down into the Darchlight Caves?
Perhaps you should prepare yourself for whatever we find down there...
LOOKER: Is that so? We're ready as well.
ANABEL: Then let's head into Darchlight Cave immediately.
LOOKER: Please prepare yourself before deciding you're ready.
We don't know what could be down there and I'd like all of us to leave in one piece.
ANABEL: Ah, \PN! Thank you for returning!
The Rift Matter came back with me to the real world, so everything that happened was real!
Well, it was a dream, but somehow the realms of reality and dream have crossed.
LOOKER: I still don't know how to take that Nightmare City world, Chief...
But you were able to get your hands on some Rift Matter, so...
ANABEL: It's a wonderful specimen too.
That aside, we took the Rift Matter and put it into one of our tracking devices.
Zetta said that there could be some Rift Matter out in the open after someone stole it from Team Xen.
Because of that we're considering the possibility of Rift Pokemon running around.
For now, let's check around the Terrial Region area, and West Gearen City.
LOOKER: Looks like there were three places that showed up on our radar.
LOOKER: Looks like there were two places that showed up on our radar.
One looks to be somewhere in Neverwinter, though this one looks like it's moving...
ANABEL: Another one seems to be in West Gearen City...
This one seems pretty dormant. You were just in West Gearen City \PN, correct?
We weren't able to keep an eye on you because some weird fog kept cutting the communication.
Don't ask me how that works, by the way, I don't know myself.
LOOKER: What about the last one?
ANABEL: The last one... looks pretty concerning, actually.
The reading we're getting from this one is huge. It's sending off such a huge signal.
LOOKER: Where is it located?
ANABEL: ...It looks like it's coming from Darchlight Woods?
LOOKER: Darchlight Woods? Didn't \PN just visit those woods recently?
ANABEL: They have, and I think they would've mentioned something if they saw a Rift down there.
LOOKER: If you take a look at the elevation of the map, it looks like the signal is underground.
ANABEL: Underground? Are you referring to Darchlight Caves?
LOOKER: Yes! Darchlight Caves! That must be where the signal is coming from!
ANABEL: You may be correct, then...
...
I think I'll head over to Darchlight Caves immediately.
LOOKER: Chief, is that such a good idea? I know we've been through a lot, but...
As a faller, you should know how dangerous going off to unknown places can be.
You may be a powerful trainer, but if this thing is giving off higher levels than Code: Evo, or Code: Statia...
ANABEL: Then we should all go then. Is that acceptable, Looker?
If things get rough, I think we'd be able to handle things together.
LOOKER: I... I don't know about this, but if this is what you want to do...
ANABEL: It is what I want to do, Looker.
We cannot allow these things to exist in our world unattended.
The results of that could very well be catastrophic.
LOOKER: Then I suppose I cannot stop you.
Fine, we'll all go to Darchlight Cave together. Not a person less.
\PN, just speak to me whenever you're ready to go.
ANABEL: Getting some last minute work before we head out, \PN.
Floor?
ANABEL: If only we could've spoken with Zetta before he disappeared.
I don't think he would've talked to us anyway. Only in our dreams would that happen.
Give Anabel the Nightmare Medallion?
ANABEL: Hm? You're giving me this medallion?
ANABEL: ...Keep this with me while I sleep?
Um.
I suppose I could do that?
If it's as important as you say it is for the investigation, then...
Sure, I'll keep it with me as I sleep tonight.
If only... it were that simple. To just talk to someone in your dreams.
ANABEL: I will keep the Nightmare Medallion with me tonight.
Thanks for your help, \PN.
ERICK: Just leave this job to me! I'm sure I'll be able to handle it!
ANABEL: Ah \PN, just the person I wanted to see.
I've decided that getting through that door through the intentional means is now impossible.
Because of this, I've gone through great lengths to hire a hacker for this operation.
Well, I wouldn't exactly call him a hacker, but he's close enough to one?
Ah, and it looks like our helicopter just landed with him in it.
He should be here any second now.
ERICK: \PN?! What are you doing here?
Not that I'm not happy to see you or anything, it's just a surprise!
ANABEL: Oh? Are you two already acquainted?
Well, that makes things easier for us then.
ERICK: Yeah, \PN helped solve that crisis West Gearen City was facing with that Garbodor.
LOOKER: Are you referring to Code: Corroso?
ERICK: Um... I think?
ANABEL: Code: Corroso is its formal name, but its species name is Garbodor.
\PN was kind enough to let us have that information.
ERICK: Okay then, well, that Code: Corroso thingy is still back at my lab right now.
ANABEL: You haven't disposed of Code: Corroso?!
ERICK: R-Relax! It's not going to hurt anyone. It's in a dormant state right now.
The guys down at the Power Plant are trying to figure out how to save it.
\PN found this really cool diary that had information on how one could save Rift Pokemon.
LOOKER: You must let us read that diary whenever you get the chance, Erick.
ERICK: Consider it done, but what did you guys want me to do up here anyway?
ERICK: Well okay then... We tried all we could to save that Code: Corroso thing.
But in the end we had to destroy the thing. It was causing too much mayhem and destruction.
LOOKER: That is unfortunate, but that seems to be the fate of Rift Pokemon.
ERICK: This topic's way too depressing. What did you need me for?
ANABEL: We heard that you were an engineer, correct?
ERICK: Uh, yeah! I am!
ANABEL: But other sources tell us that you're also proficient in hacking?
ERICK: Wh-What gave you that idea?
ANABEL: Don't worry about that. Do you or do you not have experience with hacking?
ERICK: I-I mean, yeah I guess I do... I learned from Saki, though.
She's much better than I am at that sort of thing.
ANABEL: Admittedly we tried, but we couldn't get in contact with her.
For now, you're our best shot and it's all we got.
ERICK: Fine... What do you need me to do exactly?
LOOKER: We found a hidden Bladestar base located deep within Darchlight Cave.
Our radars show that there may be another Rift Pokemon down there, but it's locked behind a steel door.
The steel door cannot be opened physically. We presume that it must be opened via a computer.
We need you to find some way to open the doors so that we can apprehend the Rift Pokemon inside.
Does this sound like a job you could possibly do?
ERICK: Sounds reasonable enough. I could probably make a miracle happen.
LOOKER: That's good to hear. Well, whenever we're all ready, we'll set off for the cave again.
ANABEL: Please speak to Looker when you're absolutely sure you're ready to proceed.
LOOKER: Who on earth could Anabel be talking about?
Just who did she find?
LOOKER: Are you ready? I think we'll find our Rift Pokemon this time.
We're not leaving until we finish what we started.
LOOKER: If you're wondering where we have Code: Drifio stored, it's three floors above this one.
ANABEL: Ah, \PN! It's great to see you again.
We've been researching and conducting experiments on the Rift Pokemon.
We've come to the conclusion that Code: Drifio is an appropriate name for this one.
You probably could already guess by just looking at it, but its original form is Ferrothorn.
It would make sense for Flora to choose a Grass-type for her... experiments, but I'm curious to know why they change type.
We've learned so much, yet there are still so many questions left unanswered.
But I believe that we're on the right track, and that's all that matters.
For now, it seems like you're done, and as promised you will be receiving a hefty reward for your services.
Of course, since the full job isn't completed, it's only a small portion of your entire pay, but it should be suitable.
LOOKER: Additionally, thanks to the data taken from your Rift Dex, we were able to extract more information about each one.
ANABEL: Correct, we have taken the info and developed an app to hold all of it on your CyberNav.
However, if you don't have their entry in the dex, you won't have their data until you've retrieved it.
\PN got the Rift Notes CyberNav app!
LOOKER: We must go for now, but we thank you again for your help.
ANABEL: We'll call you again when we need your help.
Please go to the Help Plaza to receive a portion of your reward.
Classified Information help request completed.
Where's Loobel?
Hi.
I was terrified too...
It's standard procedure.
Grow up.
Glad to help!
I kinda got baited into this...
Eh...
I'm ready!
On second thought...
Ground Floor
None
Yes
No
[Map446]
ANABEL: The signal is coming from behind this door.
Whatever it is we're looking for is right in front of us.
Considering the color choices and the banners, this must be a Bladestar ran operation.
The International Police isn't interested in the affairs of Bladestar, but if they're messing with Rift Matter...
Let's try our hand at opening this door.
ANABEL: Hurgh...!
Well... This door is sealed shut, that's for sure.
Not that I expected to open it myself anyway.
We're going to have to find another way to open this door.
There's gotta be something down here we can use?
Locked.
ERICK: If we had some sort of icon, logo, or symbol of its master, we could possibly trick it into opening the door.
But do we have something like that?
ERICK: Looks like I've been shafted to the side once again.
It's okay, though... Being left out of the action is sort of the norm with me.
I'm glad to be as useful as I can be at any given moment.
ANABEL: Now this is very unexpected. There's a whole hall down here...
I can barely see the bottom of this pit. At least, I think that's the bottom...
Let's go, \PN. The radar is pointing directly north of this area.
We should just find what we're looking for, whatever that is, and leave this place.
This door looks like it won't be opening any time soon.
This door looks like it's magnetically shut. You feel like you're being stared at.
Present the Rose Badge?
\PN waved the Rose Badge around the glass pane.
ANABEL: So... Do you think Erick will be able to pull it off?
LOOKER: He's very skilled! I'd be surprised if he couldn't!
ANABEL: You're right, Looker. I should have more faith.
That being the case, though. It wouldn't be so bad if we couldn't get to it, I think?
LOOKER: Why's that?
ANABEL: The door's locked shut. Nothing can get in or out.
It's essentially a prison.
LOOKER: I see... If you look at it that way I suppose that does make sense.
ANABEL: Regardless, I wouldn't like it to get to that point.
LOOKER: Agreed. I'd be able to sleep better at night if we were able to take care of this now.
ANABEL: Erick? I didn't expect you to be done so quickly... You are done, right?
ERICK: So... Here's the deal. The computer doesn't open the door here.
LOOKER: What?!
ERICK: In fact, nothing out here can open the door.
The only thing that can open the door is the being behind the door right now.
ANABEL: How do we get whatever's inside to open the doors then?
ERICK: Tbh, I don't think we can...
ANABEL: Why not?
ERICK: It seems like it only opens the door when \c[2]its master appears.
ANABEL: When its master appears? The one who created it?
ERICK: Yes, it's been specifically trained to only open this door once its master is around.
LOOKER: That really puts a dent in our plans then, no?
Who could possibly be the master of this place?
I would assume it's referring to the leader of Bladestar, correct?
ERICK: Correct. If we maybe had some sort of icon, logo, or symbol we could use...
Perhaps we could trick it into thinking its master appeared?
ANABEL: Who could be the master of Bladestar?
ANABEL: \PN, what did you do? How did you open the door?
\PN explained everything about the Rose Badge and its owner.
ANABEL: Flora is the leader of Bladestar?!
ERICK: Makes sense to me! The badge doesn't lie!
LOOKER: Bladestar has usually been a low level threat, but if they're holding Rift Matter-
ERICK: Heh, then that's another matter entirely?
LOOKER: Well, we should keep an eye on Flora.
ANABEL: Our mission isn't to expose Bladestar.
It's to take care of whatever's in there. We can talk about Flora later.
Erick, I'd like you stay out here for now.
ERICK: Understood.
ANABEL: Looker, I want you to stay out here as well.
LOOKER: Anabel, you can't be serious? Again with leaving me out?
I simply refuse to let you go in there without me.
Don't you remember what happened in the Alola Region?
You nearly died because of this pride you hold so dear.
I won't let you suffer the same way you did back then. Never again.
ANABEL: Looker... No, you're right... I need to stop being like this.
We'll enter the room together.
As for \PN, I'm sure you'd like to join us as well?
You've dealt with Rift beings many times before, correct?
Perhaps you're best suited to join us in this endeavor.
LOOKER: So considering I don't see any cameras in the area...
If we had something, we could just wave it around the glass pane on the door?
If that worked, we could say that the being behind this door has been watching us all this time.
Yes
No
[Map447]
ANABEL: So... How are things going? Will you be able to do anything?
ERICK: It's not looking good... It looks like everything was completely wiped.
But if I can recreate the system that was used I can probably get the door to open that way.
ANABEL: How long will that take?
ERICK: If I'm only recreating the system to open up the door, it shouldn't take too long.
You guys should wait by the door. I've got everything under control here.
LOOKER: Alright, we're counting on you Erick.
It's an ominous looking machine. It looks like something could fit in the middle of it.
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Drifio
More info on Code: Drifio is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
This data file contains the data for Code: Drifio.
ANABEL: Is... Is that the Rift being that our radars picked up?
LOOKER: I must say... It's much smaller than I anticipated.
ANABEL: Considering the usual threat level of these beings...
I don't think we'll be able to just take it with us just like that.
We're going to have to weaken it significantly.
LOOKER: \PN, this is where you come in.
Like Anabel said before- You have the most experience fighting these things.
So we'd greatly appreciate it if you would do the same for this one.
ANABEL: Good luck, \PN.
???: Faaaaa!
LOOKER: Please, take your time. I don't think this one will attack us... for now.
ANABEL: So, you've returned? Are you ready to face the Rift Pokemon?
Activate the panel?
A door opens somewhere nearby...
ANABEL: Uh, I think that'll be enough for now.
LOOKER: Yeah, I can't really say this thing looks happy with us.
ANABEL: Can you really blame the poor thing? We just entered its home uninvited and attacked it.
Looking at it, I thought it was just some standard Rift Pokemon.
However, I didn't expect it to change form mid-way through battle...
We should grab it and call HQ. I'm sure they'll be interested in this.
LOOKER: Great job, \PN. You did marvelously.
ANABEL: Let's leave this place once and for all. We got what we came for.
LOOKER: Agreed. Wearing a trench coat in this heat will be the death of me.
"Bladestar Notes!"
"Please do not place rocks on the conveyor belts until you are sure you can handle specimen's rage.
Thank you!"
Seems to be a journal written by Flora.
Read it?
"FLORA: All right, well, I'm going to be writing down my progress as we go through with this experiment.
I had to go through a lot of hoops to obtain Rift Matter from the Xen HQ in the Badlands.
I gotta say, for such an incompetent bunch of weirdos, they sure can defend their base.
There were turrets everywhere, magma moats surrounding the front entrance...
It was pretty impressive, but it was nothing I couldn't handle.
Anyway, we're going to use the Rift Matter on my Ferrothorn in a few days.
I don't know what the exact effects will be, but I presume Ferrothorn will get a huge increase in power.
That's exactly what we need if we're going to overthrow Cassandra."
Read more?
"FLORA: So... We went ahead and applied Rift Matter to Ferrothorn and it went through immediate physical and psychological changes.
Could this thing even be called Ferrothorn at this point? None can say...
Truth be told, I feel really bad for doing this to the poor guy, but we all have to make sacrifices.
After it changed, it refused to listen to a word I said to it. It became 100% truant.
This was troublesome because I'm gonna, you know, need it to listen to me if we're going to get anything done?
What's interesting to note is that it doesn't attack unless you attack it first. Does it just not care?
Regardless, this isn't going the way I had hoped and I'm getting increasingly more frustrated.
Perhaps the new recruit will be able to help me figure this out. After all, he's a scientist."
"FLORA: The new recruit and I figured out a new way to control this being.
If there's a way for me to grasp its vines without burning myself, I could probably use Ferrothorn as its own weapon.
I can swing it around like a yo-yo. The best part about that is that it has layers on its body that can move.
That in mind, I taught it how to quickly dodge and evade when it gets attacked.
After we trained for a few weeks, I decided I wanted to test its power myself.
We had three battles in total. The first battle I barely came out on top.
The second battle resulted in a draw. This pleased me for the most part.
As for the third battle... This is where things became interesting. It changed its strategy to precisely counter mine.
Instead of keeping its natural form, it let go of the walls around it and started drifting around the room like a wheel.
The speed this thing was going was absolutely incredible. I've never seen anything like it.
Unfortunately, its movements were predictable. I was able to defeat it quite easily.
We're going to close this experiment for now, but I'll return to this being one day."
Read More?
"FLORA: Instead of going with the Rift Matter, I decided to do some research on a Pokemon enhancement.
In my time wandering around the Scholar Library I came across a very interesting book.
It was solely dedicated to the topic of Team Meteor from the Reborn Region.
I have heard of their efforts in the Reborn Region many years ago, but I did not know the details of their efforts.
They had access to a strange machine that could amplify the power of Pokemon to an incredible amount.
They called this machine the PULSE machine.
I was heavily intrigued until I read about one small detail- The effect it had on its host.
The machine is a parasite. It takes a huge toll on the Pokemon it amplifies.
Despite doing experiments on my Ferrothorn, I'm not about having Pokemon suffer all the time.
So instead of rebuilding an exact copy of the PULSE machines Team Meteor created, I built my own version.
A machine that is able to be both beneficial to the Pokemon and to the user of the PULSE machine.
This is exactly what I needed in order to go on with my plans.
As a result, the purpose of this lab is now complete.
We'll be heading out in a few days and this whole place should be blocked off to the public.
When the time has come to release my dear Ferrothorn, I shall return.
Until then... I have other things to deal with. Goodbye"
ANABEL: This is weird... A laptop was left behind...
The laptop itself isn't the weird part, though. This thing was wiped only recently.
That's a bit of awkward timing on our part...
There's nothing in here besides this laptop, and the conveyor belt.
Which seems to still be functioning, and also happens to lead into the room with the locked door.
ANABEL: ...Hear me out, \PN. We should ride the conveyor belt into the next room.
I promised Looker we'd be careful, but I fear nothing will get done at this rate.
I'll go first...
ANABEL: ...Okay, here goes.
ANABEL: ...
I... I chickened out.
There's something in that room... I don't know what it is.
Whatever it is... I've changed my mind. I think it would be unwise for us to go in there without Looker.
We've hit another wall. Let's head back for now.
I'm ready!
On second thought...
Yes
No
[Map448]
Do we really need to fight? Can't we just go out for dinner or something?
I mean, honestly! I'm not a bad guy!
I'm not a bad guy. All I want is a chance.
No one really knows when V appeared or when she gained popularity.
It's like she wasn't here one day, and then here the next.
She has no real affiliation with Bladestar, but she funds The Underground so Flora lets her be.
The world would've been better without Grand Dream City being built.
Creating an elitist culture does nothing but invalidate people who aren't equally as talented.
Perhaps we're not as good as you, but we're better than you in areas you could only dream of being good at!
La la la, delete this now, la la la, delete myself.
Let's just bring you back downstairs, okay? There's no need for you to be up here.
What? Why did I lose? I'm perfect in every way!
I'm literally perfect. How did I lose?
GRUNT: What's going on downstairs?!
CLERK: I don't know, but it looks like Dylan's lost it! Completely busted through the front desk!
What are you doing up here? This is for authorized personnel only!
GRUNT: Great, now we have kids running around thinking that they own the place!
GRUNT: Ever since Flora was caught by some punk, things have been going poorly around here!
Still, we are loyal to her, and we will complete her plan in her place!
We're loyal to Flora and her ideas! If being successful includes beating up children, then so be it!
I'm hungry.
GRUNT: Yikes, this kid is pretty strong. I knew GDC kids had skill, but gosh.
We can't let them reach the top floor! Our scientists are trying to extract the Nano Drive from that girl.
CLERK: G-Got it, let's call for backup.
We're here because Flora truly cares about what happens to those who are thrown away by the world.
While we may follow blindly, we're doing all we can for true equality.
Being unable to get a job because of silly reasons such as talent is insane!
What does V want with the Nano Drive? I don't understand it.
Why is that girl so important?
I had a perfect GPA but failed my placements exam due to anxiety and now here I am, part of Bladestar.
The workload this city requires for one to succeed is far too great for the reward!
Flora's helped me see the true corruption this city sits in.
Do you like being annoying or were you just born that way?
Yeah no, you were definitely born annoying. You have too much skill.
I couldn't stop you, but I guess that's okay because I tried.
I saw you battle and totally trash that lowly Grunt. I'm no better, so I'll just keep working.
There was something Flora was really scared about. I don't remember what it was...
Zen... Zenp... Xenp... Eh, I don't care enough.
What are you even doing down here? Can't you just leave us alone?
We're already rejects above ground, can't you just leave us to be rejects down here?
[Map449]
SCIENTIST: What's going on? Who are you?
SCIENTIST: I still haven't extracted the drive located in the back of this girl.
V will be very angry if we don't deliver the drive to her immediately.
So I'm going to have to ask you two to take care of that intruder!
Just buy me time, that's all I'm asking.
Aw, really?
Eh, I get paid by the hour so whatever.
SCIENTIST: You idiots can't do anything right, I swear.
I don't know what Flora sees in you all, but she must really trust in your dedication.
Nevertheless, you did buy me the time I needed. All I need to do is extract the disk by pressing this.
And I plan to do just that.
Zrrt... Bzrrrt...
???: Why me? Why does it have to be me?
???: Because you must be the stepping stone for a better future.
It's all a part of the grand design, after all.
???: Grandma... What's my name? Who am I?
GRANDMA: You are an Autonomous Nanotech Amplifier.
Therefore, I see no better name than A.N.A.
ANA: Autonomous Nanotech Amplifier? How can I be nanotech? I'm so large.
What exactly am I amplifying? Can you answer these questions for me?
GRANDMA: One question at a time, dear. Your body may be large, but your true form lies within the Nano Drive in your back.
What you amplify? Well, I'm sure you'll figure that one out on your own.
ANA: I see...
I am Ana. Autonomous Nanotech Amplifier. I am Ana. My name is Ana.
Recovered lost data: 5%.
???: I am Ana... I am Ana.
And I am a Nano drive.
[Map450]
I don't know what to think of you two, but I'll follow Kenneth no matter what.
It's a Pokemon Egg!
MOSELY: Hey Ambs, whatcha doin'?
AMBER: Sigh.
What does it look like I'm doing, Mosely? I'm tending to our berries.
MELIA: Those berries... The roots look, um...
AMBER: Inedible and gross? Yeah, I know.
It's all we have, so we have to eat them.
MELIA: ...
We just wanted to introduce ourselves formally to you.
AMBER: \PN and Melia.\| I already heard. We're acquainted now.
MOSELY: Geez, Amber. You're soooo mean. No need to be an edgelord.
They just want to know about the Pyriahs. Can't you just tell them?
AMBER: ...
AMBER: I'll play along with your little game.
So as you were told, over a decade ago, the sea started to turn into a crimson red color.
But a certain faction rose to power at the same time.
The leader of this faction? They call her "The Princess".
She forced humans to concede to her rule. If you refused, you were thrown into the Crimson Sea.
MELIA: That's terrible...
AMBER: The Princess formed a group of pirates called the Pyriah.
The Pyriah roam the world in search of people to kidnap and bring back to their castle.
MELIA: Your group have been running from them for a while, haven't you?
AMBER: It hasn't been a smooth chase. They've caught up a few times.
When I was young, they kidnapped my best friend, and killed my father.
A few years after that, we ran into Kenneth. We wouldn't have made it far without him.
MOSELY: But even then...
A year ago we had a bad run in with them again, and they took Amber's mother...
AMBER: Mom! What are you doing?! They'll catch us if we don't move!
TESLA: No.. My dear. At this rate, they'll catch us no matter what.
I vowed to protect you no matter the cost.
And I will uphold that vow, Amber. I'm sorry.\| I love you.
AMBER: What?? What are you doing, Mom?! Mom, please! Don't go!
Please... I'm begging you!\| MOM!!!!
AMBER: She used herself as a decoy. It was because of her that we were able to get away.
AMBER: Don't be... It's pointless to harp on any longer anyway.
AMBER: NO!\| She was the dumbest person I've ever met...
She...\| I don't even know if she's alive anymore. My mother...
I have to be strong for her, and everyone else who was taken.
That's why I have a hard time trusting you two.
If you two turn out to be part of the Pyriah, my mother's sacrifice would be for nothing.
Granny, the children, Kenneth... We'll all be doomed.
AMBER: Listen...\| Just turn in for the night, okay?
I have to tend to these berries and make sure they grow into... something.
MELIA: Okay, Amber. We won't bother you anymore.
Thank you for opening up to us.
AMBER: Whatever.
AMBER: Just turn in for the night. I gotta tend to theese berry patches.
Snzz...
GRANNY: We must continue to look towards the future.
Finding a place to live is our goal.
KENNETH: It's a shame you all didn't even try to ask nicely.
Perhaps my Lucario and I would've taken you all out on a double date.
KENNETH: Lucario, do it.
KENNETH: It's too bad they rejected us, hm? What would Tesla say about me in this state.
LUCARIO: Graoo!
KENNETH: You may be right.
MELIA: Kenneth!
KENNETH: It's good to see you two unharmed. I'm relieved.
MELIA: \PN and I will do everything in our power to protect this place-
???: \ts[1]Youuuuu sure about that one, girl?
???: After all this searching, it seems we've finally cornered you all.
I never would've expected this chase to be so drawn out and fun, but all good things must come to an end.
Good to see you again, Kenneth.
KENNETH: ...Can't say I can say the same to you,\|\c[6] Valarie.
MELIA: Valarie?!
VALARIE: That's my name, yeah! Would appreciate it if you didn't wear it out...
But yeah, like I said it'd be great if you came with me.
KENNETH: As long as we have each other and our Pokemon...
We will refuse to bow to you!
MELIA: That's right! If you want us, you'll have to try and take us!
VALARIE: Now, now... There's no need for all that!
I still have some cards to play. One Kenneth sent my way as well.
KENNETH: What are you talking about?
AMBER: Kenneth!!!
KENNETH: Amber...!
AMBER: They had another small boat sneak up on us...
We've been outmaneuvered...
KENNETH: So that's it then...
MELIA: No...
VALARIE: Next time you don't want to get caught, I'd advise against using a beacon of light.
GRUNT: Just come with us nice and easy! This won't be difficult!
MELIA: You awful people won't have your way!
I'll be thrown into the Crimson Sea for this...
GRUNT: Your strength... I didn't know people like you existed anymore!
Which command?
MELIA: Mosely, where did these totems come from?
And why were you hiding behind them?
MOSELY: I was playing with a couple of friends and then a pillar of bright light appeared!
When it finally faded away you and \PN were just kinda there.
We decided it would've been fun to play a prank.
MELIA: It wasn't so funny at the time...
\PN and I were terrified of what just happened!
MOSELY: Hey, I had fun at least!
MELIA: Why did you guys decide settle in this cave, Mosely?
MOSELY: Easy, it's because it has a pure water source!
I knooow Kenneth said that there are only 5 islands out there, but there's a lot more than that.
There are just only 5 islands that we can, you know, live on?
Not gonna lie, this place SUCKS too, and we're all probably gonna die of some sorta toxic substance...
MELIA: Oh...
MOSELY: But you gotta die of somethin', right?
I just kinda wish we got to die from... Being crushed to death or something cool like that!
MELIA: Mosely, I don't think one would consider that a "cool" death.
I think a cool death would be... say... disintegrating because of a atomic bomb!
Or perhaps being chopped up from a sawblade inside of a medieval castle, or, or...
Burning alive after dismantling the oppressive system that's housed under modern day society!
MOSELY: And Kenneth said I had problems.
MELIA: Wh-What, did I say something wrong...??
???: Kenneth, you have to be shitting me. Are you serious?
You cannot honestly believe that two people just came from another world!
MELIA: I don't think we're being very well received...
MELIA: No way...
AMBER: So<i> these</i> two are the newbies? Give me a fucking break.
There's no way they aren't part of the\c[6] Pyriahs!
Kenneth, just let me throw these punks in the Crimson Sea and get it over with!
KENNETH: I won't allow it. I believe these two are just people.
MELIA: We're not here to cause trouble, really! This is just as confusing for us!
AMBER: Sigh...\| I hate that you look for the best in people all the time.
One day it's going to bite us in the ass and that'll be the end of everything we've worked so hard for.
AMBER: Just don't eat all the food. We barely have enough for the rest of us.
Now that we have two more mouths to feed, we're going to stricten our ration intake even more.
KENNETH: Please excuse Amber. Things haven't been going well recently.
MELIA: Amber's always been really hot-headed, we're used to it.
KENNETH: Huh...?
MELIA: O-Oh, sorry. It was just nonsense. I'm so sorry about everything that's happened.
KENNETH: I don't understand why you're apologizing. You're going through all of this just as we are.
MELIA: Sorry, force of habit-\| Dangit...
KENNETH: Hah, it's no problem. I'm just giving you a hard time.
That aside, I think it's time to give you more insight of our world.
MELIA: We're ready to listen.
KENNETH: Over half a century ago, calamity struck the land of Aevium.
A disastrous storm raged through the region, tearing everything apart.
This storm lasted for 35 years, leaving a thick layer of dark clouds over the land.
Because of this, neither the Sun nor Moon can be witnessed from the ground.
GRANNY: The world was separated, and the land had been shattered.
Countless people and Pokemon lost their lives in the chaos of the 35-year long storm.
The ones that survived, formed small communities and factions to maximize survival.
But just as things were starting to look better, something terrible happened.
MOSELY: What was it again? Oh yeah, the sea started to become dirtier and dirtier!
Over the course of a few years, the water turned all grimey and uninhabitable.
That's when stuff really got all sorts of messed up. GARBAGE.
KENNETH: The sea, now named the Crimson Sea, has become toxic and lethal.
It's starting erode our land, and as a result, only five major islands stand.
MELIA: No way... That's terrible... The land is disappearing?!
Eventually, there'll be nothing but Crimson Sea left, and then...
GRANNY: That is something we don't like thinking about, but it is a reality.
MELIA: Um, if you don't mind me asking... Amber called us "Pyriahs" earlier.
What did she mean by that?
MOSELY: ...
GRANNY: ...
KENNETH: Perhaps that is something you should ask her yourselves.
Amber's had a bit of bad impression of you two.
If you're going to be staying here for whomever knows how long, it'd be wise to get to know each other.
MELIA: Right, that makes sense.
(Meeting Amber the first time around didn't go smoothly either.
I guess some things never really change...)
MOSELY: I'll go with ya guys.
It's always better to have a friendship winggal with you.
Maybe she won't beat you up if I'm there. Y'know.
MELIA: Thanks Mosely... That's reassuring, I think.
KENNETH: Good, now that that's settled, there's much work to be done.
Once you're done, we're all going to turn in for the night.
MELIA: Understood.
<ac>Do you see the icon that just appeared up on the top left?</ac>
<ac>Whenever this shows up on screen, that means that you can talk to the party using the "A" keyboard key.</ac>
<ac>Please note that the "A" key is not the same as the button you use to press a in game. </ac>
GRUNT: Nice cave you got here. Mind if we rob this luxury from you?
MELIA: We won't allow it!
Damn!
GRUNT: Whatever, it's not that big of a deal.
You must be the new people Kenneth was talking about earlier...
You two look so... clean? Can you teach us your ways, please?
KENNETH: There's much work to be done. Please, excuse me.
KENNETH: We've made the beds over there for you and Melia.
It's not much, but it's what we have.
MELIA: We're very grateful, Kenneth. Thank you so much.
KENNETH: Don't mention it.
Would you like to turn in?
KENNETH: It's been a long day, let's get some rest.
<ac>Long ago, there existed four warriors of this region.</ac>
<ac>A group bent on bringing peace to the region, and the world...</ac>
<ac>They called themselves, the Protectors of Aevium.</ac>
<ac>Anju, the Warrior of Ice.</ac>
<ac>Hazuki, the Warrior of Steel.</ac>
<ac>Vivian, the Warrior of the Earth.</ac>
<ac>And their leader, Nymiera.</ac>
<ac>Queen of Peace and Humanity.</ac>
<ac>It was through their will and power that the region went through a time of peace.</ac>
<ac>However, as with anything in this world, all things must come to an end.</ac>
<ac>An evil force attempted to end this time of happiness, and plunge the world into a never-ending pit of despair.</ac>
<ac>With the gifts and blessing bestowed upon them by their deity, they vowed to halt this evil within its tracks.</ac>
<ac>The four warriors of Aevium, were about to face an enemy they could not imagine.</ac>
<ac>All for us.</ac>
MELIA: ...???
MELIA: What was that?! It shook the entire cave!
KENNETH: Good, you're awake! This is bad.
MELIA: What happened??
KENNETH: The Pyriah. They found us.
KENNETH: ...
MELIA: N-No, it wasn't us! We don't have anything to do with this!
KENNETH: I hope I didn't make a mistake with you two.
Either way, Amber is loading our people onto my boat. We don't-
KENNETH: They're here. You two must get to the ship immediately!
We will leave if you don't get here on time. Please don't make it come to that.
MELIA: \PN, let's show these guys what we've got!
For everyone's sake... We have to make a difference here!
Pyriah grunts have stormed the cave!
KENNETH: Rest is important. Don't forget to rest when needed.
MELIA: I...\| I don't...\| I don't understand...
Where are we??
Oh God... The smell here is... Ough... So disgusting...
MELIA: We didn't do anything wrong! We just...\| We just...
MELIA: There's no way I'm starting a new life... wherever this is!
MADAME X: No...\| How could this have happened?!
MELIA: Madame... X?!\nBut why are you here?!
MADAME X: Do you two have any idea what you've done?!
MELIA: What <i>have</i> we done?! Please, explain it to us!
MADAME X: You-
???: Heh, that was a cool party trick. Dunno how you pulled that off...
But yer about to be in a lottt of trouble!
MOSELY: Looks like we got fresh meat, guys.
It's a good thing too, because I bet we were getting hungry...
MADAME X: Handle this yourselves. I need to think some things through.
MOSELY: Welp, that guy's gone. Oh well...
Least we got two other posh freaks to chow on!
GIRL: Chow on! Chow on!
GUY: Chomp on! Chomp on!
MELIA: What the hell...? You guys want to eat us?
MOSELY: But of course... That's what cannibals do, right?
Now stay still...
MELIA: \PN, I dunno about you, but I am not particularly interested in being eaten alive.
We're gonna have to attack. It doesn't matter if they're just kids...
Just... Don't hurt them too much, okay? On the count of three...
One...\| Two...\| Three!\|
???: That's enough!
???: ...?!
MOSELY: Um, it's not what it looks like! I mean, totalllly sounded like we were gonna eat them, but...
Really, we were just playing with the totems and then a flash of light came out of the sky!
Then these three, well two now, appeared outta thin air...
???: All of you, get back to the cave and stay there for the remainder of the day.
MOSELY: Sigh... Yes, Kenneth.
KENNETH: You and I are going to have a little talk soon, young lady.
MOSELY: Fine, whatever...
???: As for you all... How did you get here?
Answer completely, and honestly. If I sense any deception...
MELIA: Th-This is going to sound really insane, but please try to believe us...
Melia and \PN explained their situation to the best of their ability...
KENNETH: I see... So you all came from a different world?
MELIA: ...That's what we think anyway. We don't really know for sure...
KENNETH: In any case, I believe you two.
MELIA: R-Really??
KENNETH: Because... Just look at you. You two stand out to an extent that cannot be ignored.
The materials you carry are things we have not seen in quite some time...
Not to mention the fact that there's no feasible way you could've gotten to this island.
MELIA: Phew... That's a relief...
KENNETH: I wouldn't be relieved just yet.
Not only have you come from another world, but you've come to one in a terrible state.
But I can explain more about that inside. I'll notify everyone of your arrival.
Lest we have more incidents like the one with Mosely.
MELIA: Thank you...\| Uh...
KENNETH: It's Kenneth. Kenneth Royer.
Sorry we had to meet under these circumstances, but it is what it is.
Please meet me inside the cave. I hope to make everything clear to you then.
MELIA: So you knew that man, Kenneth, but he was under a different name?
And Mosely is a girl you met in Goldenleaf Town.
In that case, you're saying it's possible we altered the course of events...
This different "world" is no different after all, it's ours.
MELIA: But why? Why is this right?
Why are we the ones who suffer the consequences?
All we wanted to do was help...\| That's all we ever try to do...
MELIA: I see... Your silence says everything. This is the reality we're in now.
This dark world where we are now... Is this all because we prevented Vivian's sacrifice?
I guess none of that matters now... This is what's happening to us.
MELIA: We should meet back up with Kenneth.
If we understand just what happened, maybe... we can do something about it.
That may just be wishful thinking though...
I'll follow your lead.
Yay! I love new people! Everyone here is already so boring and dull.
I told that to Kenneth and he got mad at me. Told me to take care of our stock...
Sooo, that's what I'm doin.
I wonder if life will get any better for us here...
The land is sinking into the ocean. Soon we won't have anywhere to live.
We're a small group here, but we look after each other no matter what.
I'm so sorry...
Tesla was brave.
Group Talk
End
Group Investigation
Time to sleep...
Not yet.
We screwed up...
Time to start a new life...
Sounds about right...
...
[Map451]
AMBER: Now that you're here, we're going to have to portion our food more.
That's really annoying, but it's just going to have to be something to get used to.
MOSELY: Oh hey, sis! I hope you don't mind, but I took some of your hair pins!!
That's what older sisters are there for, right?
AMBER: Mosely, you're not even my real sister... Don't take my things.
MELIA: I've already talked to everyone in here... You aren't missing much.
Just talk to everyone outside and then we'll be done gathering info.
Actually now that I think about it, I don't think I spoke to Mosely...
I guess you can speak to her too if you get the chance.
It's a Pokemon Egg!
MELIA: ...
MOSELY: Sorry for being gone for so long, friend! I was trying to find something nice for you to lay in...
Huh...? Oh, it's just you! Sup!
I'm just taking care of this egg Tesla gave me a while ago...
She said she found it on one of the runs her and Kenneth went on...
...I miss Tesla... She treated me like her real daughter.
And those stupid and nasty Renegade phonies took her. I'll have my revenge one day!
Well, that's enough sulking around for one day!
Time to stand around and do nothing!
MELIA: \PN... are you okay?
MELIA: That Kenneth guy knocked us out pretty fast.
I don't know what to make of all of this...
We definitely travelled back through time, I know that for sure.
But this isn't the future we came from... Did we do something back in the past that horribly changed the fate of humanity?
Is... Is it because we let Vivian live...?
This is all my fault... I meddled too much... All I wanted to do was help Vivian...
Because of me, the world is in complete disarray, and everyone else...
Who knows what even happened to them.
MELIA: Um...?
???: Stupid crazy bitch!
KENNETH: Amber.
AMBER: What? You heard what she was saying, right?
Kenneth, she's talking about how she time travelled. She's a lunatic.
You brought crazy people to our only place of residence, Kenneth!
KENNETH: All that concerns me is that she's not part of the Renegade.
AMBER: Does it matter? She's crazy and crazy people can hurt us just as much.
KENNETH: And what if she's telling the truth and she's not crazy?
AMBER: Does that make a difference? If she's telling the truth then she's the reason why we're in this mess!
She's the reason why my mom was taken! It's all her fucking fault!
MELIA: Would killing me make you feel better?
Would you find solace in knowing that you took out the one who put you in this mess?
Th-Then just do it already... I'm waiting.
AMBER: Shut up!!
AMBER: Urgh... What? You want a piece of me too? I'll kill both of you!
KENNETH: Enough is enough, damnit! Amber, leave. Now.
AMBER: ...Fine.
KENNETH: Get up, Melia.
MELIA: Ugh... My stomach feels like it's about to explode.
KENNETH: Please excuse my step-daughter. She's sort of a hot-head.
MELIA: Don't worry, I've dealt with people... just like her, actually.
W-Wait, how do you even know my name?
KENNETH: Sorry, but I took the liberty of searching both of you while you were out cold.
I know you're Melia, and I know that you're \PN.
I also know that you're telling the truth.
MELIA: What do you mean?
KENNETH: We left you in here alone so that you would talk amongst yourselves.
It's the best way to get information out of someone around here.
You talked about time travel, correct? You messed something up in the past?
MELIA: Why believe me? For all you know, Amber could be right.
KENNETH: While searching you, I found Pokeballs, items, equipment, badges...
Things that only existed in times before this one.
There are only 91 species of Pokemon left in this world, there are no need for badges.
Yet, it seems that \PN holds quite a few badges, and a Pokedex with Pokemon I've never seen before.
Even if you weren't time travellers, you certainly aren't from this world.
It's even in the way you dress. You don't exactly look like you've been surviving day by day.
MELIA: Haha... You're right, we're not crazy. We've just doomed millions of people, no big deal.
KENNETH: As truthful as that is, it's just reality. One that can no longer be changed.
As such, you are one of us now.
If you stay and help me protect the people here from the Renegade, I will gladly help you both in any way I can.
MELIA: You've mentioned that name many times before, but who are they?
KENNETH: We can talk about them later. For now, just survive.
Dinner will be ready soon... Now that we have two more mouths to feed, we're going to have to cut rations even more.
Unfortunately for you two, you'll be given the bottom of the bin... You are new members after all.
MELIA: Fine.
KENNETH: Good.
MELIA: There's nothing we can do but just... live.
We should talk to everyone on the island here and see what information we can get.
It's... all we can do for right now.
And as for Madame X... I know this sounds very, very bad.
But I think we should look for her. Although she's our sworn enemy, she's from our time too...
Perhaps she has something we can use to get out of this.
Anyway, I'm leaving.
KENNETH: So... You want to know about the Renegade?
Before I do, I guess I should go into what brought us all together.
AMBER: Oh brother, this story again.
KENNETH: When the calamity happened, my mother passed away, and my brother left me behind.
Fortunately, my mother left me a boat I could use to escape the region.
That region being Kanto, where I was born.
For many years I've sort of been a lone wolf. I drifted around from island to island...
That was when I met Amber's mother, Tesla.
I decided to stay there for a while, and then eventually we were together.
I don't know if you're aware of this, but... This planet isn't in the best shape at the moment.
AMBER: Not in the best shape is an understatement. The planet is dying.
KENNETH: Y-Yes, well, the land on this planet has slowly been swallowed up by the Crimson Sea.
AMBER: There're only FIVE more islands still standing. That includes this one and the one Kenneth found you on.
Two others are too small to do anything on, and then the final island...
\c[6]That's where the Princess lives.
MELIA: The Princess...?
KENNETH: After the Calamity happened, the Princess took it as an opportunity to try and rule the world.
And it was successful.
Anyone who defied her was thrown into the Crimson Sea, or locked up in her castle.
That's where the Renegade comes in.
The Renegade are a bunch of pirates that the royal family hired to capture people who ran away from the Princess' reign.
We've been running away from them for quite some time, but last time they were able to capture 5 people.
That includes Amber's mother, Tesla.
AMBER: For all I know my mother could be sleeping at the bottom of the Crimson Sea.
If her body didn't dissolve by the time it got there...
KENNETH: Amber!
AMBER:\c[6] What? You know that's what they do to us children of Nymiera.
They take us and throw us in the Crimson Sea if they have no use for us.
You fall in? You die! That's just it.
I bet the Renegade don't even take people back to the castle anymore...
I mean, why would they? This world will be nothing but toxic waste soon anyway.
KENNETH: You don't have to be so cynical... Have some hope.
AMBER: Hope... There's no such thing as hope anymore.
I'm just going to find a corner and sleep. It's been a long day.
MOSELY: Man... what an edgelord.
KENNETH: "Edgelord" or not, I think we should all get some sleep.
Sorry, there aren't any beds... So you'll just have to find a piece of the floor that's comfiest.
MELIA: Thank you, Kenneth.
MOSELY: I'm going to take down the entire Renegade when that egg hatches!
Just you wait!
MELIA: I guess we're done for today... You ready to end the day?
MELIA: Okay... I don't know how I'll be able to sleep tonight but...
We have to try.
???: Hey, you two! Wake up! Wake up!
KENNETH: Sorry, but I'm busy figuring out the rations we need for a few days.
Why don't you talk to everyone else and get acquainted?
Whether you like it or not, these people will be your new family from now on.
We follow Mosely around because she takes care of us the most!
MELIA: A-Amber, what's wrong? What's going on?
AMBER: It's the Renegade! They finally found our island!
MELIA: What?! Are they already here or-
AMBER: Crap... They're here already?? That means...
GRUNT: That's right, we already got all of the other rebels running around here.
MELIA: That can't be... then it's only us three...?
AMBER: Fine... I'll just go with you all.
MELIA: Amber, you don't have to do that! We can help!
\PN and I have strong Pokemon that can turn the tide-
AMBER: Shut the fuck up, Melia! Just shut up!
Haven't you "helped" enough? Just stop acting like a hero!
God you're so goddamn annoying. Shit happens and that's just it.
What are you going to do anyway? Fight them?
They have my family on their ship! You want to risk their lives just to "help"?!
Pathetic.
Let's go already, we don't have all day.
MELIA: Amber...
AMBER: ...
You should give me all of your food... and money!
Yes
No
[Map452]
MIMIKYU: Mimi...
AMBER: Oh sweet fresh air! I've missed you!
KENNETH: As fresh as it can get, I suppose.
MOSELY: Okay, we're out now. Whadda we do now?
MELIA: We need to take control of the ship, and then after that...
Well, I guess we can discuss what after we're successful.
???: Allow me to give you some input.
MELIA: Madame X...!
MOSELY: THAT'S THE OTHER PERSON! See, Kenneth? I told you I wasn't lying!
AMBER: What do you want from us?
MELIA: She's been following \PN and I. She's dangerous!
MADAME X: Following you? I've been cleaning up your dirt, imbeciles.
Now, come with me.
AMBER: Not another step, power ranger! \PN and Melia are our friends.
Sure, Melia's girly and naive. Sure, \PN is quiet and kinda shady...
But that's what makes them cool to us!
KENNETH: Precisely. Any more steps, and we'll be forced to take action.
MOSELY: I DARE ya to take another step! C'mon, do it!
MELIA: ...Everyone.\| Thank you.
MADAME X: Even in a time like this you have lackeys that stoop down to your sick level.
This feud is meaningless. I have no intention of harming anyone here.
As a matter of fact, it's quite the opposite.\| I offer a temporary truce, and union.
MADAME X: I'm afraid this isn't a matter of choice, but common interest.
You two want to return back to our time, don't you?
I believe I have a way to do so.
MELIA: ...!
MADAME X: Because we have a common interest, do we not?
Returning to our time should be, and is, our highest priority.
And I believe that I have a way to do just that.
MELIA: ...
\PN: ...
MADAME X: Think over your answer carefully, I won't ask for it now.
We have another matter to take care of first.
\c[6]Taking control of this ship.
AMBER: We were planning on doing that anyway.
MADAME X: Then there should be no issue here.
Shall we, then?
AMBER: What do we do? We can't surely follow that lunatic?
MELIA: It's like she said. We have no choice.
Whether we follow her or not, our paths will cross inevitably.
Let's just keep going on our path and see what happens.
KENNETH: Everyone, be on your guard. Be ready to fight if need be.
\ts[1]<ac>One day later.</ac>
???: \ts[1]Beeeep.
MELIA: Uh, did you hear something?
MELIA: Yeah, I heard something like that! It was kind of like a-
MELIA: Huh, I guess I was just imagining things then.
MELIA: Fair enough, I guess. Still, I'm pretty sure I heard-
???: Beeeeeep.
MELIA: ...I definitely heard something that time.
???: BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP!
MELIA: What the...\| Oh, it's just her.
VALARIE: If I'm gonna be stuck up here I'm gonna make sure NO ONE has fun on this ship.
Oh, what's that? You wanted to sleep?\| Well get a load of this, Mary!
BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!
MELIA: Was it really a good idea to just put her up there like that?
MELIA: And we sure got one, huh? This one has an alarm and everything.
The Valarie we knew was a lot quieter than this.
I hope she's doing well... If she's doing... anything at all?
MELIA: Yeah, I think I can hear her enthusiasm from here...
You know what? I'm happy for her.
Hopefully the Valarie we know is doing well right now... If she exists?
MELIA: I guess she did lock us up... But I feel bad.
Even if it's not the Valarie WE know, it's still Valarie.
If.... When we get back home, I'll take her out to lunch or something.
MOSELY: Hey look at these two saps. Lookin' kinda depressed!
MELIA: You could say that... Yeah.
AMBER: Don't worry, you won't be depressed after you see... \| THIS.
AMBER: ...
MOSELY: ...
MELIA: ...?
\PN: ... :)
MELIA: Where'd you get that eye patch?
AMBER: Thought I'd give Valarie's desk a bit of a clean up.
Found this bad boy and slapped it right on because it makes me look hot and badass.
MOSELY: Sorry to butt in, but all it does is make you look like a big stupid COW.
I WAS THE ONE WHO FOUND THE EYE PATCH!
AMBER: And I'm the one who put it on. What's your point?
MOSELY: Since you're gonna be wearing an eye patch, you won't mind if I deck it out of your skull, right?
AMBER: The adults are talking, kiddo.\n\| Get off the SCREEN!
AMBER: Anyway, I found something else while rummaging through Valarie's things.
This <icon=item621> was just sitting there all lonely under a bunch of ketchup packets.
Don't ask me why there were ketchup packets in there, I don't know the answer to that.
But if you ask me, I think this key is for that huge door inside the ship.
MELIA: We should go check it out then. I was curious about that door before...
AMBER: Now you're speaking my language. Let's meet up there, yeah?
MELIA: Oh, \PN... There you are.\| It's time.
AMBER: Holy shit.
VALARIE: Can I be let down from here already?!
I mean, it's pouring for Poochyena's sake!
AMBER: Would you just shut up? We're all getting soaked so deal with it.
VALARIE: BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEEP.
Everyone, take a look over there!
GRUNT: So I was talking to Valarie last night.
GRUNT2: Oh yeah? What about?
GRUNT: I dunno, I was thinking of... Building a haberdashery.
GRUNT2: ...A what?
GRUNT: They sell men's clothing and accessories!
GRUNT2: Uh, keep dreaming.
GRUNT: I will.
GRUNT: What the...? Who are you?
GRUNT: Gyahh!!
MADAME X: ...What?
MIMIKYU: Mimi...!
MADAME X: ...???
There's no way!
But why?
Beep.
Nope.
I wasn't paying attention.
We needed a new sail...
She loves her new job.
Yes.
[Map453]
MELIA: Um, what's going on here? What's with the machine?
AMBER: That's what we're trying to find out. But it looks like this thing needs two pass codes to function.
But it looks like this thing needs two passcodes to function.
KENNETH: Pass codes that we obviously, and unfortunately, do not have.
MOSELY: Maybe we can beat 'em out of Valarie!
AMBER: Heh, allow me...
KENNETH: Forfeit the idea, I won't allow it.
AMBER: Hmph... Mom would've let me do it.
KENNETH: And as unfortunate as it is, she is not here at the moment.
MELIA: Actually, about that... There's something we'd like to tell you.
<ac>\ts[1]\PN and Melia explained the situation.</ac>
MOSELY: UH OH...
MOSELY: Um... Blacksteeple Castle is where The Princess is, isn't it??
KENNETH: Yes... That means--
AMBER: Count me in.
KENNETH: Amber...!
AMBER: This is an opportunity I've been waiting for.
Just look at what we're capable of. We took over this ship with no problem.
KENNETH: With the help of \PN, Melia, and Madame X, that is.
AMBER: They took my mother and my best friend away from me.
We will never get a chance like this again, Kenneth.
KENNETH: ...
MOSELY: ...
MELIA: This is what the three of us are doing no matter what.
If you come with us, I think we can make a difference.
KENNETH: Amber is right... We'll never get an opportunity like this ever again.
However, it's an all or nothing type of risk.
If we fail...
\c[6]We lose everything.
AMBER: We don't have anything left. This ship is great, but it's no way to live.
Even if this planet is a world God plunged into damnation, I'll live out hell with the people I love.
Without that, there's nothing left.
MOSELY: What an edgelord...
AMBER: HEY, shut it, munchkin. I don't wanna hear it from you.
MOSELY: It's okay, you just admitted you love me.
You loovee me! You loovee me! You loovee me!
AMBER: I-I...\| I said be quiet!
KENNETH: I can't help but agree, though.
I am willing to put my life on the line to see Tesla again, and that's final.
AMBER: It's decided then, we're in.
MELIA: That's great to hear. I'm relieved.
We have a few days until we arrive. All of us should prepare until then.
<ac>Nymiera, with all of her strength fought the vile blight from within the underground labyrinth.</ac>
<ac>With the power of her and her disciples, she fought for peace.</ac>
<ac>But even with this promise in her mind, the terrible evil that engulfed this being was far too much for Nymiera to imagine.</ac>
<ac>One by one her disciples fell, all serving their queen until their final moments.</ac>
<ac>Nymiera stood tall before the behemoth and stood still.</ac>
<ac>What would become of the world? What of Nymiera?</ac>
<ac>Humanity's fate...\| Is...\|</ac>
MADAME X: Everyone make their way to upstairs.
Blacksteeple Castle is within view.\| Be prepared.
MELIA: It's funny how much we take for granted, huh? A scenery like this is nothing out of the ordinary for us, but...
They're seeing something so beautiful for the first time...
For them it's something they've never experienced.
MELIA: What Madame X said got me thinking...
If everything works out, it means we're going to have to sacrifice Vivian after all.
And in doing so, we're going to restore our old time, right?
...What does that mean for this one? Will the happiness they feel now mean nothing?
Are we working towards destroying this one, or will it co-exist simultaneously?
MELIA: I don't think anyone really knows, and that's the problem.
Are we really okay with throwing away their lives for ours?
MELIA: Because they are people too! Even if they aren't from our time...
They're just as real as the two of us, right?
Who's to say that our lives mean more than theirs?!
MELIA: I didn't want to hear you say that...\| But I think you're right.
The world we left behind... If it's even still standing in some pocket of space and time--
We can't just abandon everyone. It's just too painful.
MELIA: You're right, in the end... This isn't our home.
We need to go back to where we belong. Staying here is accepting defeat.
Besides, if I stay here... Venam will...
Thank you for snapping me out of this rut.
MELIA: ...
MELIA: \PN, you've always been there for me no matter what.
From the beginning, you've been there, and I don't think I can say the same.
I've been a terrible friend to you, and that's something that's truly unforgivable.
But I want to be there to protect you, just as you've been there to protect me.
This is a promise I will make to you.
MELIA: We need to tell everyone what we're planning on doing at Blacksteeple.
After all, with Madame X as the new Captain, we're quite literally dragging them into this.
C'mon let's go.
We need to let everyone know what the plan is.
After all, this involves them too, yeah?
MELIA: This is incredible...
AMBER: I've never seen so much color in one place-- What's going on here??
KENNETH: A vault consisting of nature itself?
I didn't think a place like this existed anywhere else in the world.
MOSELY: Awww yeahhh!!! Nature!
AMBER: Mosely, don't just run off into places you don't know!
MELIA: Kenneth, are you okay?
KENNETH: I'm fine, I'm just a little overwhelmed, I suppose.
I wish Tesla could've been here to see all of this.
You children go on ahead, I'm going to stay here for a while.
MELIA: Sure thing.
KENNETH: Don't mention it.
Would you like to turn in?
KENNETH: It's been a long day, let's get some rest.
<ac>Long ago, there existed four warriors of this region.</ac>
<ac>A group bent on bringing peace to the region, and the world...</ac>
<ac>They called themselves, the Protectors of Aevium.</ac>
<ac>Anju, the Warrior of Ice.</ac>
<ac>Hazuki, the Warrior of Steel.</ac>
<ac>Vivian, the Warrior of the Earth.</ac>
<ac>And their leader, Nymiera.</ac>
<ac>Queen of Peace and Humanity.</ac>
<ac>It was through their will and power that the region went through a time of peace.</ac>
<ac>However, as with anything in this world, all things must come to an end.</ac>
<ac>An evil force attempted to end this time of happiness, and plunge the world into a never-ending pit of despair.</ac>
<ac>With the gifts and blessing bestowed upon them by their deity, they vowed to halt this evil within its tracks.</ac>
<ac>The four warriors of Aevium, were about to face an enemy they could not imagine.</ac>
<ac>All for us.</ac>
MELIA: ...???
MELIA: What was that?! It shook the entire cave!
KENNETH: Good, you're awake! This is bad.
MELIA: What happened??
KENNETH: The Pyriah. They found us.
MELIA: No...
MELIA: N-No, it wasn't us! We don't have anything to do with this!
KENNETH: I hope I didn't make a mistake with you two.
Either way, Amber is loading our people onto my boat. We don't-
KENNETH: They're here. You two must get to the ship immediately!
We will leave if you don't get here on time. Please don't make it come to that.
MELIA: \PN, let's show these guys what we've got!
For everyone's sake... We have to make a difference here!
Pyriah grunts have stormed the cave!
KENNETH: Rest is important. Don't forget to rest when needed.
AMBER: I never thought I'd see a sight like this.
I guess this is the reason you keep on living. Unexpected blessings.
KENNETH: Ah, \PN. We heard some ruckus next door. I assume this means you were successful?
AMBER: Of course that's what it means, Kenneth!
C'mon, hand over our Pokemon so that we can begin taking this ship back.
MELIA: Thank you, \PN.
KENNETH: Thank you.
AMBER: Haha... Now we're cookin. Charizard, come on out!
CHARIZARD: Charr!
AMBER: Let's show 'em what a child of Nymiera can do, Charizard.
KENNETH: Lucario, your time has come as well!
LUCARIO: Luuu!
MELIA: That Lucario is shiny as well!
KENNETH: Yes, this guy has been my companion since I was young.
Come, Lucario. Let's fight for what's right.
MOSELY: And what the heck am I supposed to do? I don't exactly have any Pokemon on me.
MELIA: Mosely, why don't you take Mimikyu?
MOSELY: On second thought, I think I'm just going to give 'em the 'ol one, two!
They won't even see it coming! I'll knock them out in just one punch!
Let's gogogogogogo!
MELIA: Um... I guess you'll be coming with me for now, Mimikyu?
MIMIKYU: Mimi!
MOSELY: The air tastes so clean! I don't taste toxic sludge anymore!
AMBER: Yeah, it's... nice.
MOSELY: It's a little better than just nice.
AMBER: I wonder how things would've been if my friend and I were here together.
MOSELY: Yeah... If mom was here too, that'd be the best.
Who knows...
Why does it matter?
It's necessary.
This isn't our home.
We can't stay here.
Time to sleep...
Not yet.
[Map454]
GRUNT: Ooooh! I found you! I found you!
Ooooh, you beat me!
GRUNT: Ooooh, I hope you get caught!
GRUNT: Ooooh, Valarie was just as lame as the rest of us.
MADAMEX: Attention passengers of the S.S. Paradise.
We have reached our destination. Blacksteeple Castle is just ahead.
MADAMEX: Those who do not wish to tread upon dangerous land should not leave this ship.
Your safety is not guaranteed, nor is it prioritized or thought about.
Those who wish to risk their lives to further our cause are more than welcome.
If you are one of these brave individuals, meet us on the deck as soon as possible.
We are making way to the castle immediately.
GRUNT: Man... I just got beat in by this prisoner and his Lucario...
I've never seen someone so strong in my entire life!
GRUNT: Are you guys the new captains of this ship?
You aren't going to refer to us as your "babies", right?
Because honestly, that was cringey and really disturbing.
GRUNT: Why are you ruining my vacation?
Can you not? That would be nice.
GRUNT: My vacation is RUINED!
GRUNT: Well, I guess that's it then? Do we get kicked off the boat... or....
GRUNT: Hey, I don't want any trouble! Just leave me alone!
GRUNT: Hey, I was just trying to have my afternoon doze!
Wait, is it even the afternoon anymore? Who even knows...
Snore... I'm done with this.
GRUNT: Eh, I'll just sleep. I can't get in trouble by acting dead, right?
GRUNT: Looking for an opportunity to heal? Sorry, but you don't deserve that luxury.
I'm tired of this.
GRUNT: You couldn't have gone easy on me? Not even a little?
GRUNT: Escaping is futile. There's nowhere to run!
No cheating!
GRUNT: Aw man, I hope I don't get a decrease in pay...
Not that there's much to buy anymore, but I still like money.
GRUNT: Eh, I guess Valarie wasn't that great after all.
She lost so easily to a bunch of rebels, but then again, so did the rest of us...
[Map455]
AMBER: Ah \PN... Good timing. I've wanted to check something I noticed while exploring the ship.
It's just east of here, mind taking a look at it with me?
The laser beam hurt you and your Pokemon!
GRUNT: I live on a boat, but I have bad sea sickness. Is this hell?
It sucks to live on a boat with tons of other people...
GRUNT: This might as well be hell for me...
GRUNT: Oh god... I think I'm going to throw up...
AMBER: Have you noticed this machine before?
I've been looking on this monitor and there seems to be about 808 options to choose from.
...And when I clicked on one of the options, it detailed something... I actually think it was a Pokemon!
It was a Pokemon I've never seen before. Number 549, Lilligant.
It's a Grass-Type Pokemon that is the evolution of the Pokemon Petilil.
If I remember correctly, there are only 91 known species left on this planet.
But this machine has the data of at least 808 Pokemon in total.
...And what's even weirder is... this option right here.
"DNA Recreation."
I don't know what that means, but it seems... It seems like this machine can recreate the DNA structure of all the Pokemon detailed here.
That means we could technically produce any Pokemon we wanted with just the click of a button.
But the fact that the machine can do this doesn't surprise me, but the fact that the people of Renegade had this kind of tech.
The fact that they're able to reproduce Pokemon and nature alike is almost kind of... Godlike...
It's making me really uncomfortable to think about.
I don't know what it is, but I have a feeling we're in for a helluva time at Blacksteeple Castle.
But for now... All we can do is wait.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
MELIA: We're counting on you, \PN!
MIMIKYU: Mimi!
GRUNT: A couple of punching bags? Yes please!!
Well that's just no fun...
GRUNT: If you ever want me to punch you in the throat, just ask!
GRUNT: Sigh, can I punch Valarie in the gut? She was a weirdo.
AMBER: What is this place...?
MOSELY: I've never seen so many colors in one spot...
KENNETH: Indeed... It's been a very long time since I've seen fauna so vibrant.
This must be the garden I've heard so much about.
AMBER: You mean the place where they grow their own produce?
KENNETH: Correct, though... I'm surprised this ship can maintain an environment suitable for all these types of trees.
What exactly is this ship holding secret?
MOSELY: *Sniff*...
AMBER: Are you crying?
MOSELY: I-It's just so beautiful, man... I can't take it.
MELIA: I don't want to ruin your guys' moment, but it looks like we can't go any further.
MELIA: There are four laser beams that block the way to the deck.
AMBER: Valarie must be trying to keep us all down here.
KENNETH: No doubt about that, but there has to be something we can do to disable them!
AMBER: Charizard, let's see what we can do about these lasers!
CHARIZARD: Char!
AMBER: Wait, Charizard, buddy, that's way too close!
CHARIZARD: Char...
AMBER: Crap...
AMBER: Yikes... That laser beam did a ton of damage.
You big stupid flying donkey, don't get close to laser beams! Rest a while, okay?
AMBER: So uh, yeah... Don't touch these lasers unless you want to experience real pain.
KENNETH: I would imagine that the shock would be powerful enough to harm all of your Pokemon, even if they're within Pokeballs.
MOSELY: Enough already! Let's look for a way out of here!
MELIA: Agreed... There's got to be something out here that we can use.
Let's split up and see if we can find it.
[Map456]
GRUNT: A couple of punching bags? Yes please!!
Well that's just no fun...
GRUNT: If you ever want me to punch you in the throat, just ask!
GRUNT: Sigh, can I punch Valarie in the gut? She was a weirdo.
The laser beam hurt you and your Pokemon!
BOAT RIDE! BOAT RIDE!
Which command?
Nothing to talk about here...
MOSELY: So like... What are we doing back here?
MELIA: Huh, well... um... I'm not sure?
MOSELY: Dinner time?\nWell then, don't mind if I do!!
What's on the menu tonight, lads?
AMBER: Mosely, you're too trusting. \PN is just kidding around.
MOSELY: J-Just kidding...? B-But how could you do this to me, man?
Don't you know dinner is sacred to our people?
GRANNY: It's about as sacred as the rotten berries we grew back on the island...
KENNETH: So no, not very sacred at all.
MOSELY: Y'all suck and don't know anything about fine dining.
AMBER: Yeah, that's true. None of us do, actually.
MOSELY: True.
MOSELY: Repent?? I don't have money for that!
KENNETH: Mosely, I think you're thinking of the word "rent".
MOSELY: Is there a difference?
KENNETH: There's a big difference.
AMBER: Repent means to express sincere regret for a wrong action.
MOSELY: I've never done anything wrong in my entire life.
GRANNY: I find that a little hard to believe...
MOSELY: You guys just like to give me a hard time because I'm gonna be beautiful when I grow up.
AMBER: Let's try and work towards getting to that point first, k?
MELIA: Um... I don't mean to break up the mood, but we have to go!
If we stay down here too long, we'll be cornered!
GRANNY: Melia is right. You all must go and fulfill your duty.
KENNETH: Let's start off then!
KENNETH: I don't suppose any of you would like a drink?
MELIA: I've never really drank anything, but I am technically of age to do so...
AMBER: Get me something good. Something that'll knock me out.
KENNETH: I'm afraid that was merely a joke. I'm not serving alcohol to any of you.
MOSELY: They got any milk up in there?
KENNETH: Let's see...
KENNETH: Huh, as a matter of fact, they do.
MOSELY: GIMME THAT. I NEED IT NOW!
AMBER: Calm down, MooMoo Mosely, you've got all the time in the world to drink a little bit of milk!
MOSELY: I'm gonna die one day and that day will be MILKLESS!
And that's the day I finally submit to the devil himself and become an evil demon princess...
But like with a gun or something, y'know?
AMBER: No, I really don't.
MELIA: Maybe if you had two guns, you'd be double the princess?
MOSELY: ...I'm listening.
MELIA: Yeah, and maybe you can carry around a guillotine that slices the heads off anyone you don't like.
Or maybe a laser beam that murders anyone who doesn't have a good supply of milk!
MOSELY: Melia, you know my language! We're gonna be good friends!
KENNETH: So, Amber... About that shot?
AMBER: Make it a double, and fast.
AMBER: I need to sit down for sec, my back is hurting the hell outta me.
MELIA: We've only been moving around for a little bit, though...
AMBER: Yeah, well, you try sleeping on your back in a shitty bed.
KENNETH: Pretty sure we've all done that for quite a while.
AMBER: Yeah, but I'm pretty sure we all have different genes, yes?
MOSELY: Eh... I've sat on better couches.
AMBER: Ahah...? Compared to what? We've been on shoddy material for our entire lives.
We only managed to secure beds after we found some in a crate on a sinking island.
MOSELY: I 'unno! Once when my hair got really long it felt like a nice pillow.
I'm jus' rollin' with the punches, don't take me sooo seriously.
AMBER: Well I am your big sister. I'm supposed to be rude to you.
MOSELY: ...! YOU SAID THE WORD!
AMBER: What? "Sister"? Calm down, we're not even blood rel-
MOSELY: You said the word! You said the word! You said the word! You said the word!
Yaaay! We're sisters! I knew it.
AMBER: Yeah, yeah... We're sisters. I care about you and all that.
Just don't let it get to your head.<fs=22> Love you, Mosely.</fs>
MELIA: We've deactivated all of the switches! We can finally get out of here!
KENNETH: Yes, there's a wind coming from above.\| We're close.
AMBER: Let's take control of this ship and secure our future!
MELIA: Can't go any further... Who knew a ship like this has a mechanism this advanced.
AMBER: How bad could this thing be? I mean, it's just a bunch of light-
YOWCH...
Do not touch these lights! That freakin' hurt!
MOSELY: Well DUHH, even I could've told you that was a bad idea.
KENNETH: Enough fooling around. We need a way to disable this mechanism.
MELIA: There has to be a switch for these somewhere.
Let's go look for it!
AMBER: Valarie's nowhere to be found.
Typical she would run the moment she could.
MOSELY: This place is kinda fancy! I wanna sleep on this couch!
AMBER: Yeah, it is comfy. This is where she was kickin' it while the rest of us struggled to survive.
MOSELY: True...
MELIA: Looks like she has a map of the surrounding areas...
There aren't many island left, and the ones that are...
KENNETH: Are barely holding on? Yes, that much was to be expected.
Even our little cove we hid in was only temporary.
MELIA: ...
We shouldn't sit here and let Valarie escape. Let's go after her.
MOSELY: Yeeah... I'm kind of depressed, and I'm tired of being depressed.
AMBER: Let's go pay Valarie a little visit.
AMBER: If this actually works... I'll be nice to all of you from now on.
MELIA: Now I really hope it works...
Maybe we should've left our cave a long time ago...
Waah! I don't wanna live on this ship forever! Valarie lost, but this place still smells!
MOSELY: No need to thank me. I already know I'm epic.
MELIA: I think you've actually saved us all, Mosely...!
MOSELY: Yeaahhhh. The egg didn't hatch yet though so don't get too happy.
It's a Pokemon Egg! Mosely smuggled this one on board.
MELIA: Everything seems set. If the egg's ready to hatch...
That means we'll have to act immediately, and it can get ugly.
Are you prepared for that, \PN?
MELIA: Alright, let's get started.
MELIA: There, that should be warm enough for the egg.
With this amount of warmth, it should be as warm as a Pokemon with Flame Body.
And with that, the amount of cycles needed to hatch should be halved.
KENNETH: Melia, you know a lot about this... I'm impressed.
MELIA: Well, in our world, I used to work in a lab.
But that was a while ago, so...
MELIA: Depends on a lot of factors. So I can't really say...
Everything down to the species, the day it was hatched...
It's hard to estimate when exactly an egg will hatch, even with measures put in place to speeden up the process.
There were a lot of books and research papers done about this, y'know?
MOSELY: Um... You guys?
MELIA: I remember reading a paper by Professor Elm in Johto.
He attributed this phenomenon with-
MELIA: \|WHAT. \|ARE. \|YOU. \|SAYING?
\PN, WE ARE NOT GOING TO EAT THE EGG
And I'm not even going to consider that a serious option!
AMBER: ...Idiots.
MELIA: You say the weirdest things sometimes, you know that?
But I have to admit, it was kinda funny.
I mean, eating a Pokemon egg is completely ridiculous!
They don't even taste good!
How would I know...?\| Um...
I've read about it plenty of times in this paper I was reading.
Professor Elm once said that he tasted an Elekid egg and said it was just really weird!
MOSELY: Um guys...
It tasted all chemically and not very good! Normal eggs are far superior.
Oh... what is a "normal egg"?\| Um...
You know? Eggs that come from-
<fs=42>MOSELY: GUYS! IT'S HATCHING!!!!</fs>
MELIA: ...!
MIMIKYU: Mi mi!
MOSELY: Whoa...\| I've always wanted a Pikachu!
We're gonna be best friends, Pikachu!
MIMIKYU: Mimi...KYU!
MOSELY: I-It scratched me! Pikachu scratched me!
MELIA: That's the worst Pokemon to mistake a Pikachu for...
That's a Mimikyu, not Pikachu. In fact, they detest Pikachu.
So referring it as one was a pretty big insult...
MIMIKYU: Mimi! Mimi!
GRANNY: Yes... I remember this Pokemon from childhood.
Now with the amount of Pokemon species in the mere 100's, it's not surprising for many to not know about it.
MELIA: ...That's not all, either. This Mimikyu is shiny!
AMBER: Shiny?
KENNETH: I believe that means it's a Pokemon with an alternate color than normal.
They were rare before the calamity, but they're near non existent now...
We are truly witnessing something of the ages-
AMBER: Yeah, we get it, grandpa.
KENNETH: ...\|<fs=20>Grandpa?</fs>
MELIA: Mimikyu... We need your help. Can you help us get out of here?
MIMIKYU: Mimikyu!
AMBER: ...This "Mimikyu" is kind of scary.
KENNETH: Terrifyingly strong for something just born mere moments ago.
MELIA: Okay, Mimikyu, this is what I want you to do.
<fs=40>MIMIKYU: MIIMIIIMIIMIIIMIIMIIIMIIM!!</fs>
GRUNT: WHAT IS THAT???
*Cachunk*
GRUNT: I have to t-tell everyone else about this!
J-J-J-JAIL BREAK!
MELIA: Everything's here! All of our Pokemon are here!
MOSELY: Awww yeah. I had no Pokemon, but I'm stillll excited.
KENNETH: Let's focus on getting above deck first.
Then I suspect we'll go after Valarie and take over control of this ship.
That's the only way any of us will get out of here alive.
AMBER: I like the sound of that. Let's start a riot!
KENNETH: We'll travel together. I'll leave Pokemon down here to make sure the others are safe.
MELIA: Got it. Let's go team!
MELIA: Good morning, \PN...\| Well, I honestly can't tell what time of day it is anymore...
I just thought you'd like to hear that regardless, though, so um...
MELIA: Heh, it's no problem. Anything to keep our sanity accounted for.
MELIA: O-Oh, I didn't expect to get that in return. Thank you!
MELIA: I heard they have pudding upstairs... And bread.... And beer.
That's pretty much all we have, unfortunately.
Um, anyway, I came down here to get you.
Madame X apparently wants to speak with the both of us.
I dunno what for, but that's what Amber told me.
I doubt she'll try anything weird considering our "situation", but...
Let's keep our guard up, okay?
Your party has been healed!
VALARIE: Phew, I made it! Now I can-
MADAME X: Going somewhere?
VALARIE: Wh-What the hell?! How'd you guys get here so fast?!
MELIA: It looks like you're trying to run away!
VALARIE: Run away? Don't get it twisted. I'm...\| I'm just checking something.
AMBER: Checking something, huh? Like if that thing can get you out of here?
VALARIE: NO.
Maybe.
Perhaps.
It's possible.
KENNETH: If she's going to just leave, then I say we let her.
We're only interested in this ship, correct?
MADAME X: Nonsense, there's something I need her here for.
VALARIE: What is up with you guys?! You just don't know when to quit!
S-So what if I'm running away?
Running away from your problems is so IN right now!
If you won't leave me alone, I-I'll just have to make you!
NO! Please. I'm sorry. I'll pay you all off. What about cake? Cookies?
VALARIE: I lost...
And after all that cheating I did to become the Captain of the S.S. Paradise...
You creeps are the lowest of the low!
MOSELY: This means we're the new Captains of the S.S. Paradise!
AMBER: Not so fast, speed racer. I think that title goes to Kenneth or Gundam X here.
MOSELY: Damnit... What's a girl to do in a man's world.
MADAME X: I am female...
MOSELY: Madame X is a girl??
KENNETH: ...That aside, what are we going to do with this one?
MADAME X: Her usefulness will come in time. Until then...
AMBER: Until then...
VALARIE: U-Until when, what?? What are you guys talking about??
AMBER: I know just what to do with her.
VALARIE: Hahaha... C'mon guys, I know we started off on the wrong foot...
B-But you wouldn't do anything to your 'ol gal Val, right?\| Right?
AMBER: Get her.
VALARIE: E-Eep...
KENNETH: ...
MELIA: Kenneth, we need to talk to you about something urgent...
KENNETH: What is it, children? I was planning a way out of this mess.
GRUNT: Just give it up already. There's no way any'a yoos getting outta that cage.
MELIA: Um, I'm just gonna speak quietly.
We have a plan too, and we think it may work...
We're about to execute it. It may still take some time, but...
Come to the back of the room when I give the signal, okay?
KENNETH: *Nods*.
GRANNY: The children are scared, but we must press on...
Nymiera's grace will save us.
MELIA: I think something much more close to home may do the trick.
Granny, do you have any blanket or stuff of that sort?
GRANNY: Blankets? Yes, well, I do have some that I begged the crew for.
MELIA: Can we borrow them for a few?
GRANNY: I don't see why not, but...\| Ah, but it's unwise to question the young.
MELIA: Thank you! We'll bring them back in just a sec!
Okay, \PN. Now that we have the blankets, we should tell Kenneth what's going on.
GRANNY: Stay warm.
GRANNY: You all have done well. We cannot thank you enough.
GRUNT: Better watch out!
GRUNT: Well, what do we do now?
GRUNT: Hmph.
MELIA: ...We're here. What do you want from us?
MADAME X: I wanted to take this time to explain myself, and what I know.
MELIA: ...\|Go on then.
MADAME X: Before all of this, I was in the possession of a gem called the\c[6] Time Diamond.
This allows the holder to manipulate time itself by rewinding, fast-forwarding, or momentary pausing.
MADAME X: When you and \PN allowed Vivian to live, I tried to rectify the issue by rewinding time, but...
MELIA: Wait... How do you know about that?
H-Have you been watching over \PN and I the entirety of our time in the past?!
MADAME X: ...Continuing on, I tried to rectify that issue with the diamond, but it shattered instantaneously.
I don't know why, but upon its shattering, we were sent back to our "present" time.
But as you can see, this world isn't what we left behind.
MADAME X: Hmph, it's my fault too. If I had intervened sooner...
Vivian's sacrifice was necessary for the time we're from to exist.
Without her sacrifice, the world fell into decay and destruction.
MADAME X: Have I not made that clear? It was the intervention of Vivian's sacrifice.
An act that you, Erin, Melia, and Aelita are all guilty for.
MADAME X: Nothing to say as usual? Your silence is disappointing.
Especially when you consider that we're in this mess due to your actions.
MELIA: Let's say we're taking what you said and believing it completely...
Erin and Aelita... They both were lost to this sacrifice we prevented, right?
MADAME X: Correct. Since they would not exist without Vivian's sacrifice, the universe "corrected" itself.
MELIA: If that's the case, then why are \PN and I still standing here?
Certainly we would've been lost to time as well, right?
MADAME X: You two were protected. The Time Gear amulets you two are wearing...
MELIA: ...If that's true then...\| \PN and I were set up for this path.
MADAME X: Not only you two, but me as well.
The Time Diamond only has a limited amount of uses, but mine was nowhere near this threshold.
For it to conveniently break when it did gives me inconvenient... emotions.
MELIA: But why would Spacea and Tiempa do this?
MADAME X: I have no idea, and I don't care.
But there can only be one Time Diamond existing in the world.
When one breaks, another one reforms somewhere else-- Seemingly by random chance.
If this is the same time line as the one we came from, then another diamond should have formed.
MELIA: And using it, we could rewind ourselves back to the past?
How are we supposed to find something like that in this world??
MADAME X: While you were off doing nothing, I was doing recon on the last remaining land masses in the area.
That's when I came across something very intriguing.
\c[6]Blacksteeple Castle still stands.
MELIA: B-Blacksteeple Castle?!
MADAME X: It is being ruled by someone known as "The Princess".
I'm sure you've heard of this woman, no?
MELIA: Amber did mention her before, yeah. That's the leader of the group that's on this ship.
MADAME X: Call it a hunch, but I'm almost certain the Time Diamond is there.
MELIA: So let me guess, you need \PN and I's help?
MADAME X: ...That is correct.
MELIA: Hah...\| Hahahaha!
You ask us for help after everything you've put us through?!
You, Madame X, lack self awareness to the highest degree!
\PN lost their mother. I lost my father... We've been through hell and back!
And it's all because of you and Team Xen! You're the reason why we're here in the first place!
And you want us to risk our lives based off nothing but a hunch?!
You're....\| You're just a vile, evil, disgusting manipulator.
MELIA: Just try it... I won't let you hurt anyone else!
MADAME X: ...I cannot do this without the two of you.
I realize, and am aware of the hardships my name has brought you and many people.
I lay down my sword in hopes that you will accept my truce.
If we're all to get through this alive, we're going to need to work together.
MELIA: ...\PN.
Is that truly how you feel about this?
I agree that this may be our only shot at returning to our home, but...
I hate her. I hate her for everything she's put us and our friends through.
But... There's nothing else we can do right now, can we?
MELIA: I hate her, \PN. I hate everything she's done to us.
All that pain we've gone through... I'll never forgive her for it.
If we want to go back to our world... This is our only hope.
MADAME X: Please...
MELIA: \PN and I will accept this truce and team up with you.
And we will do our hardest so that we succeed.
But we are in no way comrades in this endeavor.
And if anything happens to ANY of us... We won't just sit by and accept that.
MADAME X: I accept these terms.
It will take us a few days to get to Blacksteeple Castle.
Until then, I will think of a strategy. You all should prepare as well.
???: Ah-ah-ah, stop right there. I'm changing.
Don't you assholes ever knock? Sheesh.
GRUNT: Sorry, Ma'am, didn't mean to intrude.
???: Butchya did, so... Spit it out, please!
GRUNT: The crew and I saw a huge beacon of light just south-west of our position.
We believe people may be there, and in that case, they could be...
???: OH HELL YES. PUT OUR COURSE TOWARDS THAT LIGHT RIGHT NOW!!!
GRUNT: Yes, Ma'am.
???: One last thing, can I get a blue martini on the rocks? Thankkkkk you!
GRUNT: Right away, Ma'am.
VALARIE: We did it, y'all! We caught our bounty!
We're gonna drink the night away!
GRUNT: What if they mis'behave? *hic*...
VALARIE: If they cause trouble... You know what that means!!
<ac>\ts[1] We'll rough 'em, and tough 'em, def'nitley not buff 'em and throw 'em into the Crimson Sea!</ac>
VALARIE: AND IF THEY FIGHT BACK??\| WHAT DO WE DO THEN??
<ac>\ts[1] We'll punch 'em, and gut 'em, slick 'em, an' lick them, and throw them into the Crimson Sea!</ac>
AMBER: This is humiliating...
They're partying upstairs and we're down here rotting away.
This is your fault. You know that, right? Both of you.
\PN: ...
AMBER: Do you seriously have nothing to say for yourselves?
MOSELY: Gosh, give it a break, Ambot. You're so freaking upset it's dumb.
CALM DOWN!
\c[2]<fs=42>AMBER: I AM COMPLETELY CALM! </fs>
MOSELY: Heh, while Amber is being "completely calm" over there...
The grownups should have a discussion on how the heck we're getting out of here.
AMBER: There's no way you see yourself as a grownup.
You're like 3, go drink some milk or something.
MOSELY: I'm 10, that's practically a grown up!\| Sometimes...
AMBER: Yeah, okay.
MOSELY: Guys, there's no need to be so down!
We're not gonna be stuck in this shit-hole forever. Trust me!
MELIA: Why do you say that, Mosely?
MOSELY: Cuz, I got a plan. A good one.
Check this out.
AMBER: Holy shit, Mosely...\| Is that the egg from the hideout?!
MOSELY: Yup, those idiots confiscated everything from us except this.
I said it was a rock and the stupid girl believed me. What a total idiot!
MELIA: ...Guess they've never seen a Pokemon egg before.
AMBER: Even if this thing hatched, it'd be too weak to do anything!
We're powerless without our actual Pokemon...
MOSELY: Well...
MOSELY: Good thing they put them right outside the cage, hahahahaha.
AMBER: Wow, uh, these guys really are just vibing with no brains in their heads, huh?
MELIA: Definitely seems that way.
In that case, if we just need to break open the gate, then this is perfect!
Mosely, how long have you had this egg?
MOSELY: Couple of weeks. I found it washed up on shore.
It's still warm and it moves around a bit so it's still alive, I think.
MELIA: If it's moving around, that means it's getting ready to hatch!
AMBER: We've been on this ship for 2 days now. We're going to arrive before the egg has a chance.
MELIA: We can speed up the egg hatching process, it's easy.
I've studied Pokemon eggs before. All we need is an ample amount of warmth.
AMBER: There's gotta be blankets or something around here for that.
MELIA: \PN, let's look for blankets, or anything that can warm up this egg!
We're getting out of here...
What are going to do...? I don't want to be stuck in the castle...
Melia told us to stay down here until things are okay outside.
How long until it's okay to come out?
AMBER: So we just gotta use this key on this door, right?
MELIA: It looks like the key goes into the panel, actually...
KENNETH: Well then, \PN... If you would do the honors.
*Lift rising to level 1."
AMBER: Lift is rising? What?
MELIA: I don't think this is just a door... It's an elevator!
MOSELY: An elevawha?
KENNETH: An elevator. It's a device that lifts and descends depending on the input of the passenger.
MOSELY: Uh...
AMBER: Floor go up, floor go down.
MOSELY: Ohhh... \|Yeah, I knew that.
KENNETH: Let's see where this thing takes us.
<ac>\PN and the rest of the crew took the elevator down to the bottom floor of the ship~</ac>
KENNETH: I don't believe this...
AMBER: ...No way.
MOSELY: HOLY MOLY!
It's all over now... We'll be taken to the castle and we'll all be prisoners!
MELIA: No, we'll think of something. We promise...
I can't believe we made it out alive... Well, for now, anyway...
???: There is unrest on your ship, Valarie.
Just what ARE you doing you insufferable dullard?!
VALARIE: M-Ma'am, I don't know what happened--
VALARIE: I think there's someone outside causing trouble!
My crew members aren't able to stop her! What do I do!?
???: Bloody hell you're an idiot. I can see what's going on in the ship.
You really let a buncha idiots run over you? Bet ya feelin' chuffed ain't ya?
Get off your high horse and fix your problems! Don't fail me.
VALARIE: Y-Yes, Ma'am...
GRUNT: We're not going to let you do this!
Oh no... Valarie is going to kill me!
GRUNT: Valarie is going to kill me once she finds out I failed...
GRUNT: So... Are you our boss now?
GRUNT: You think you can take me?
Don't forget me...
GRUNT: I'll always be here no matter what.
GRUNT: Eh, I guess Valarie wasn't that great after all.
She lost so easily to a bunch of rebels, but then again, so did the rest of us...
...
MELIA: Please, don't give up hope. We'll make it out of this somehow.
He seems to be slightly smiling...
GRUNT: Ooooh! I found you! I found you!
Ooooh, you beat me!
GRUNT: Ooooh, I hope you get caught!
GRUNT: Ooooh, Valarie was just as lame as the rest of us.
Guess this is it... There's nothing left for us now.
MELIA: That's not true. We're going to make a difference here!
Hey, so... Did you find the pantry? Did they have anything good in there?
GRUNT: Hey, I was just trying to have my afternoon doze!
Wait, is it even the afternoon anymore? Who even knows...
Snore... I'm done with this.
GRUNT: Eh, I'll just sleep. I can't get in trouble by acting dead, right?
I wonder if life will get any better for us here...
The land is sinking into the ocean. Soon we won't have anywhere to live.
If we have control of this ship... That means we don't need land!
Maybe we'll survive after all...
AMBER: Huh...? What's going on here?
MOSELY: Hehe, look who's finally awake! Took you long enough!
AMBER: Mosely...?
Watcha doin' there?
MOSELY: Just thinking about life. You know?
AMBER: Life?
MOSELY: Yeah. Mostly about how things worked out so well.
We found this ship, and we found that magnificent island with our soon to be Queen.
AMBER: ...???
KENNETH: Now, Mosely. Now you're just confusing Amber.
After all, she just woke up. Give her some time to wake a bit.
\sh\c[7]AMBER: Have you all lost your minds?! What is going on here?
Who is our supposed "new Queen"?!
MOSELY: Amber... You're not opposing Queen Melanie, right?
KENNETH: If you were... We'd have no choice but to dump you in the crimson sea.
AMBER: U-Uh...??
MOSELY: C'mon. Her coronation is about to begin!
You better come, Amber... Or else.
AMBER: \PN, what is going on?!
This is--
AMBER: Huh? Did you feel that?
AMBER: Anyway, the coronation is about to begin. Hurry up, kay?
\PN: ...Okay.
AMBER: What was I doing again...?
Ah, well, whatever. I should get going.
Group Talk
End
Group Investigation
It's Dinner time.
To repent for our sins.
Let's do this!
I need some time.
How long until...?
Can we eat the egg?
Thank you.
Good morning to you too!
Breakfast?
It was our fault?
But why?
We should consider it.
What do we do?
[Map457]
MIMIKYU: Mimi!
AMBER: Those...\| Those are houses! They're on a metal island??
KENNETH: Must be a community settled upon this place...
The metal is most likely there to prevent the land from sinking into the Crimson Sea.
AMBER: How would they even get the resources to make that...
MOSELY: Um... Am seeing things wrong or is that metal island dumping waste into the sea?
AMBER: No way...\| Don't tell me these freaks are the cause of the sea turning red??
How can this place turn an entire sea red with small pipes like that?
KENNETH: It's more likely there are hundreds upon thousands of them scattered around the island.
AMBER: ...
MADAME X: We're pulling into the port. Be ready to disembark.
MELIA: After days at sea, it looks like we've finally made it.
KENNETH: I don't know what we're going to experience here. Don't let up your guard.
AMBER: If you need to prepare any more, now would be the time to do so.
The crew on the ship had some cool things, but pirates are pirates.
They won't just hand anything over for free.
MADAME X: Keep moving.
MELIA: Valarie's had a rough few days, huh?
MOSELY: Boo hoo... We've had way more bad days.
She's gotta toughen it up missy!
All she gotta do is lift up her two girls and pull through.
That's what my crew mates said on the boat anyway.
AMBER: ...Mosely, don't ever say that again.
KENNETH: Please don't repeat what the people on this ship say.
MOSELY: ???
AMBER: HEY! Don't encourage her.
MOSELY: Please encourage me, I feel so validated...
AMBER: Do you even know what the word "validation" even means?
MOSELY: Yeah, it's when you get those tingles when you sleep.
That's ASMR not validation.
KENNETH: How do you know what ASMR is?
AMBER: ...Uh, I'm not actually sure.
MOSELY: Hypocrite.
AMBER: Please. I'm tired of this ship. I need to get my irritation out of my system.
MOSELY: Hell yes. I'm ready to burn down a castle!
AMBER: Why burn down the castle when we can just live in it when we're done.
MOSELY: Hey, good idea! I want the top bunk!
KENNETH: Mosely, I don't mean to burst your bubble, but it may be in everyone's best interest if you stayed here.
MOSELY: Wh-What??
MELIA: We discussed this a bit before, but you're still just a child.
If something happens, we may be unable to protect you.
MOSELY: B-But...
AMBER: Just trust us on this one, kiddo.
We'll be back before you know it.
KENNETH: Granny and the others are in the oasis. Please wait there with them.
MOSELY: Adults suck and I'm gonna go trash talk you to my friends.
KENNETH: I'm glad she took that well.
MELIA: (That was taking things well...?)
KENNETH: Come, let's finish this once and for all.
MADAME X: This lift will bring us up into The Princess' den.
Make sure you have everything you need before going through.
*Beep*
AMBER: I'm going to find my mother and get her out of here.
Just any time now.
MADAME X: We'll be entering the castle past this door.
From here on out, I will not be able to protect any of you.
You are responsible for yourselves.
AMBER: So basically the same that it's always been?
MADAME X: This time it'll be different from anything you've ever experienced.
The Princess is a great enemy that you'd best not--
...
\sh\c[7]VALARIE: NOOO!!!!! WAHHH!!!
MADAME X: Would you stop giving me so much trouble?!
VALARIE: YOU'RE GONNA KILL ME! I DON'T WANNA DIE!
MADAME X: I will kill you if you don't stop squabbling!
All I need you to do is open this damn door. Understood?
VALARIE: Oh.
That's all you want me to do?
MADAME X: Yes.
VALARIE: Well, I can do that!
Just input that, and then this, and then that again...
And done!
There, I opened the door. You'll let me go now, right?
MADAME X: Not a chance. You'll just sail on away.
We may need that ship if things go awry.
\sh\c[7]VALARIE: WAHHHHH!!! SHE'S GOING TO KILL ME!!!
MADAME X: For the love of...
MELIA: I have a bad feeling about all of this...
We do have power on our side, but will it be enough?
VALARIE: Oh please don't hurt me. Oh please, oh please...
VALARIE: This is not going to go well for me...
You think I could make it if I just started running?
AMBER: Don't even try it.
VALARIE: *G-Gulp*...
MELIA: \PN... We're here.
KENNETH: Be prepared to fight, \PN. That's all I can say.
AMBER: Can we hurry this up? Open up the door, Madame X.
Take the lift up?
MADAME X: Melia.
MELIA: ...?
MADAME X: There's something you must be aware of going forward.
When we meet The Princess of this castle, refrain from physical contact.
At all costs.
MELIA: Huh?
What will happen if we come into contact?
MADAME X: Melanie is a trickster. She will do everything in her power to deceive you.
If she is to come into contact with you. We will instantly lose everything.
Understand?
MELIA: No... Not really, but I'll keep it in mind.
AMBER: What is with this painting?
KENNETH: It seems to be in good condition despite it being so old.
MADAME X: This painting depicts Nymiera. A woman told in legends.
AMBER: This is Nymiera?!
MADAME X: Nymiera was the original caretaker of this castle.
She lost this castle many years ago in a war.
MELIA: Team Xen had control over the castle in our world.
MADAME X: Regardless, she's no longer alive in our time.
The castle couldn't be hers even if she were.
AMBER: Kenneth, you read boring books and the like.
Do you know anything more about Nymiera?
KENNETH: Only small bits of her personality.
A woman who was known for her very loving, caring, and motherly nature.
AMBER: Motherly, huh...?
Reminds me of when we found Mosely when she was smaller.
Her parents abandoned her and she was starving.
KENNETH: But Tesla made sure she was fed under her care.
Even going as far as giving up her portion.
AMBER: My mother is a little too kind, in my opinion.
But that's just the person she is. We can't change that.
People like her need to be cherished, and protected.
I'm not leaving this castle without her.
KENNETH: Well said, Amber.
VALARIE: My mother sold me for three slices of bread and water!
Ah... Memories.
MELIA: This makes me think about who my mother was.
Madame X, what was your mother like?
MADAME X: Hmph, what an infuriating question.
My "mother" was a weak individual that gave her life to protect me.
If there was anything \PN and I had in common, it would be that.
The only difference is that your mother's sacrifice meant nothing in the end.
MADAME X: Did I hurt your feelings? Very sorry about that.
Next time I'll pick my words more carefully when decide to tread over your feelings.
What I said still stands.
MELIA: You're pathetic, Madame X. That's all there is to say.
MADAME X: Believe what you'd like. There's no time for this.
MADAME X: Will I? I very much doubt that.
MELIA: We'll make you eat your words. One day.
MADAME X: Nothing to say? Good.
MELIA: Grgh...
MELIA: This is going to sound really weird, \PN.
But when I was trying to think of my mother...
The first woman who appeared in my head was Tesla.
The way she took care of us back in Teila Resort was... So special to me.
As for my actual mother... I never knew her, but...
If she's alive, wherever she is, I hope she's proud of me.
We should go.
KENNETH: Is this the way into the castle? Somehow I expected a more... grand entrance.
I agree with Mosely.
Yes
No
Watch it.
You'll regret that.
[Map458]
The village goes around the castle for miles. There's no point in going farther.
No one's answering...
MELIA: What is this place...?
KENNETH: It's strange to believe that there's a village in a place like this.
VALARIE: It's where we take people after we kidnap them.
AMBER: Excuse me?
VALARIE: Our job was to find people and bring them to this island.
This village goes on for miles-- Same layout and all. It's like a never-ending maze.
AMBER: And you just collect humans to bring them here like they're some sort of livestock?!
VALARIE: I don't think about it that much, I was just doing what I was told.
AMBER: T-That means my mother is somewhere here in this village?!
VALARIE: Uh... I dunno about that one. I think she was taken to the castle for some reason.
AMBER: Wh-What?! What for?
MADAMEX: Quiet, the castle is just up ahead. Don't lag behind.
MOSELY: Beh, I think this place is nice. Nicer than what we've been in, anyway.
MELIA: Uh... yeah.
[Map459]
VALARIE: So what's the big deal, huh? Why'd you bring me all the way out here?
There's a reason why you haven't killed me yet, so just go out with it.
MADAMEX: Stop playing the fool. You know exactly why I brought you here.
In fact, you've been here before, haven't you?
VALARIE: I don't know what you're talking about.
MADAMEX: Open the door. Immediately.
VALARIE: Why? The moment I do open the door, you'll just kill me.
I'd rather you not have the satisfaction, sorry.
MADAMEX: This is hopeless. I was wrong to bring you with us.
If death is what you want, then so be it.
MELIA: Wait! No more of this meaningless violence!
Valarie, please, just open the door for us. Then we'll let you go.
MADAMEX: Absolutely not. The moment we release her, she'll just run to the S.S. Paradise and escape.
MELIA: Fine, then she can enter the code while she's still tied up and follow us.
MADAMEX: Which was my original plan.
I would love to enter the code myself, but it takes fingerprints into account.
So if you would be so inclined... Open the door.
VALARIE: ...Fine.
VALARIE: There, I opened the door. Now c'mon, let me go!
I don't have anything else I could possibly do.
MELIA: We already decided that you're following us, and that's final.
AMBER: And if you keep complaining, I'm going to kick you right in the gut.
VALARIE: Mrgrr...
Fine... I'm done playing prisoner though. I'm not going to be escorted everywhere I go.
MADAMEX: As long as she's in our sights, she's no threat to us.
AMBER: My mother is somewhere in the castle.
I'm going to find her and knock out this stupid girl they call the Princess.
MELIA: This is the final stretch, \PN. Let's go.
[Map460]
MELIA: What... What is this?
MELIA: Who is being depicted in this painting?
MADAMEX: The woman depicted here is none other than Nymiera.
AMBER: Nymiera?? This woman is Nymiera?
MADAMEX: ...That's what I just said, did I not?
MELIA: Why is she being shown here at Blacksteeple Castle?
Could it be that she's...
MADAMEX: She's not the Princess of the castle, no. At least, not anymore.
MELIA: Wait, so Blacksteeple Castle originally belonged to Nymiera?
MADAMEX: Correct, but that was a very long time ago.
She lost the castle many years ago to-
MELIA: To Team Xen. That's why Team Xen had control over the castle in our time.
MADAMEX: Hmph, regardless, she's no longer alive.
This castle couldn't be hers even if she were alive.
MOSELY: ...She's... beautiful.
AMBER: Kenneth, do you know anything about Nymiera?
KENNETH: Only a small bit about her personality, but that's all.
It was said that she had a very loving, caring nature. Very motherly.
MOSELY: ...That makes me miss my own mother... *sniff*...
AMBER: Hey... Your mother never loved you.
VALARIE: Damn, that's harsh.
KENNETH: Amber, that's not necessary.
AMBER: But it's true, don't miss someone who doesn't miss you.
Neither your father or your mother cared about you.
The only reason they even had you was to use you.
They would intentionally starve you so that they could persuade travellers into giving food to a poor hungry child.
That's funny though, I bet you never got to see any of that food those generous people gave.
They kept it for themselves, so that they could go to bed feeling full.
That's when you met us, remember? You were starving, so my mom gave you all of her food.
MOSELY: I... I remember.
AMBER: My mother went to bed hungry because she was already full of happiness when she saw you being fed.
My mother is a little too kind, in my opinion, but that's just the person she is.
So screw your old mother and father. They may be your parents, but they aren't your family.
You're with us from now on, you hear? We're your family now.
My mother is somewhere here in this Castle. Wouldn't the best way to repay her for saving you that night to rescue her?
MOSELY: Y-Yeah!
AMBER: Good, so I don't wanna hear you cry yet. Let's get mom out of here first, okay?
MOSELY: You're right, Amber! Sorry for being such a lame doofus!
Let's go save mommy Tesla! She's waiting for us!
KENNETH: You need to work on your pep talks, Amber.
AMBER: Hey it got the job done, didn't it? That's all that really matters.
VALARIE: *Sniff* *Sniff*... Th-That was beautiful...
M-My mother never loved m-me!
KENNETH: Yes, yes, you can tell us all about that later. Let's go.
VALARIE: S-So beautiful... I can't... I can't take it.
W-Wahh!!! I miss my mommy!!
KENNETH: Yes, we get it. Keep moving.
MELIA: Madame X.
Tell me... What was your mother like?
Surely you must've had one at some point?
MADAMEX: Hmph... What an insignificant question. It's almost laughable.
My mother was a weak-hearted person who gave her life to protect me.
So if there's anything \PN and I have in common, it's that.
The only difference is that your mother's sacrifice meant absolutely nothing.
It'll all be the same, in the end.
MELIA: Her sacrifice meant everything. Without her, \PN wouldn't be standing. No thanks to you.
MADAMEX: That may be the case, but she only provided a temporary solution.
We can argue later... For now, we must continue forth. We're close.
MELIA: ...This is something I don't really like thinking about, but I can't help it sometimes.
I wonder what my mother was like... I wonder if she hated me.
I don't even know what she looks like.
If she's... even alive at this point.
And if she isn't alive, I hope she's proud of me wherever she is.
Haha... I don't know if this is the same for you, but ever since Terajuma Island, I've always felt...
I've always felt like Tesla was my mother. The one I didn't have.
That's why...
Mmgh... No, there's no time to talk about things like this.
We have to go.
MADAMEX: This is it... The Princess resides behind this door.
If you wish to turn back, this would be the time to do it.
I don't know what's going to happen once we enter this door, but I cannot guarantee your safety, nor do I really care to.
MOSELY: Danger, huh? Alright, lemme at em!
AMBER: Uh, no. You're staying out here, Mosely.
MOSELY: Wh-What? What do you mean I'm staying out here?!
What about all that talk about saving Tesla, huh?
AMBER: I just didn't want you to cry in front of everyone!
Listen, if something happened to you in there, mom would absolutely lacerate me
So do me a favor and please just stay here?
I don't mean to be rude, but you're small and weak. You'll get in the way.
KENNETH: I must agree with Amber on this one.
Let the adults settle these problems. A child shouldn't have to do things like this.
MOSELY: Ugh, but I'm 10 years old! I'm practically an adult!
Didn't you say that 10 year olds used to take down huge criminal organizations way back when?
KENNETH: Those 10 year olds also happened to be prodigies for their time.
If I recall correctly, you don't have a single Pokemon with you.
MOSELY: Mrghghfjghofjdghfsdodsfjkjdsf Fine, I'll stay here.
I'll stay right here while you all have the fun of your life!
KENNETH: That's one worry out of the way.
MADAMEX: Good, let's proceed.
MELIA: Well... This is it. It all ends the moment we walk into this room.
I don't know why, but I'm trembling.
That's stupid to say, I know exactly why I'm trembling, but...
This is more than me just being scared... It's as if... \c[6]Things could go terribly wrong after this point.
Let's be careful, okay \PN?
MIMIKYU: Mimi!
MOSELY: I may be a kid, but I'm stronger than all of you!
*Sniff*... St-Strong enough to e-even cry...
MOSELY: Ugh, but I'm almost 10 years old! I'm practically an adult!
[Map461]
MELANIE: Welcome to the 3rd and final round, you dullards!
How has your day been today?!
MELIA: ..........
MELANIE: Not very good, I assume. Eh Tesla?
TESLA: ...
MELANIE: ...?
MELANIE: Boy, you guys really aren't doing well tonight.
Perhaps I've been too hard on you all.
Everyone on this planet has suffered because of me...
Am I doing the wrong thing?
MELIA: ..........?
\sh\c[7]MELANIE: Blehh!!! Of course I'm doing the wrong thing. Who cares?
You actually think I feel remorse for anything I've done today?!
You know what? I take that back.
I regret not breaking you down sooner if it was this easy to do!
MELIA: Melanie... End this horrible game right this instant!
You have no idea the amount of hurt you've put everyone through!
MELANIE: P-Pain...? Me?
You're right... I've caused so much pain to everyone on this planet.
Everything this world's been going through has been because of me, hasn't it?
MELIA: YES! Yes it is!
MELANIE: Superb!
Of course I know how much pain I've put this world through.
Haven't you already deduced that I just don't care?
You dullards really are missing a few screws.
That being said...
It's time for round 3!
In this round, Melia and \PN will fight each other!
But like round one, they'll be fighting for something!
Tesla's disobedience was shocking for sure, and it's something I won't tolerate!
So, \PN will be the one to fight for Tesla's life!
MELIA: Melanie...
MELANIE: As for Melia... You'll be fighting for the lives of everyone aboard the S.S. Paradise.
MELIA: No... Mosely, Granny, and everyone else...
MELANIE: When the S.S. Paradise was built, a self-destruct feature was installed.
If anyone were to ever hi-jack or cause significant damage, this was the way I'd escape that situation.
MELIA: But aboard that ship is...!
MELANIE: Correct, the machine that holds the DNA data of all living things!
With such a machine, it probably would be possible to reverse all this, perhaps!
But if I were to get trigger happy and blow it all up into smithereens...
I wonder how that would go down...
MELIA: ...
MELANIE: You want to save everyone, right?
Well, that ship is your ticket for doing just that.
You better battle hard and fight to win...
Hehehehe...
\sh\c[7]Hahahahahah!
Which command?
Nothing to talk about here...
KENNETH: Talk about vanity...
MELIA: Children can be vain, but it's usually innocent?
This is on an entirely 'nother level...
KENNETH: Melanie seems to be a... special case.
She's "The Princess", but surely she cannot be the one running this castle alone.
MELIA: I've thought about that too... A little girl like that?
There's no way. Something must be hidden in plain sight.
KENNETH: I have a bad feeling about the others suddenly...
MELIA: It'll work out, I promise. I'll do my best to remedy this situation.
KENNETH: We're all in this torture together. This is not your burden alone.
KENNETH: The grass here... It's fresh! It's green!
MELIA: Strange place to have a garden...
KENNETH: The grass is so sharp... But also soft.
MELIA: ...Uh yeah! That's true.
MELIA: Oh, Kenneth... I dunno if it's wise to--
\sh\c[7]KENNETH: G-GYAH!!
MELIA: K-Kenneth, what's wrong?!
KENNETH: There's something in there!
MELIA: Something in there?
JYNX: Jjjjjiiiiinx~!
KENNETH: What the hell is that?!
MELIA: Th-That's a Jynx!
KENNETH: What is Jynx?!
MELIA: Um.
I think she likes you!
KENNETH: I don't feel comfortable with this...
MELIA: Better start running or else you're gonna get quite the lovely kiss...
KENNETH: N-NO!!!
MELIA: Poor Kenneth...
But there's wild Pokemon are present in this grass!
Melanie must know that we have access to this place...
Hm...
MELIA: These books have info about flora and Pokemon that no longer exist...
MELIA: Cherry Blossoms...
Kenneth, does the name Aelita not ring any bells at all?
KENNETH: No. I don't know that name. Why?
MELIA: ...It's nothing. That's just the name of a very close friend of ours.
MELIA: ...It's nothing. That's just the name of a very close friend of mine.
KENNETH: A person from your world, I assume?
MELIA: Yeah, I was reading through something that reminded me of her.
We haven't been through terribly much together, but I loved having her around.
I miss her, that's all.
KENNETH: You will see her again. I believe this to be true.
But we can't do that if Melanie remains where she is.
Let's get ourselves together and take down Melanie.
KENNETH: Look at that there! It's a model of the S.S. Paradise!
MELIA: If we didn't meet it under the circumstances, I think I could call it beautiful...
KENNETH: The ship is under our control now.
With it, we'll never have to worry about the land crisis.
MELIA: If Melanie is taken down, I don't think you'd have to use the ship at all.
This island is massive, and we're only in the castle right now.
KENNETH: I wonder about that...
Melanie seems to be quite the tricky individual.
I wonder if things will go well even when we defeat her.
The people on this island may be blindly loyal to her.
In that case, we'd have a lot more problems to deal with besides Melanie.
MELIA: We'll cross that bridge when we get to it...
MELIA: \PN...?!
MELIA: You opened the door...
Thank you so much, \PN. You saved me...
MELANIE: Grrrgh... \PN you sure are a hassle to keep around, aren't you?
Awright, in that case we'll just count this as a win for you.
Whatever, it'll all end the same anyway.
Round 3, the final round, is about to begin! Reach the stage in the room ahead. NOW!
MELIA: Hah, she's becoming more agitated by the second.
As long as we keep beating these rounds, I know we'll find a way out of this hellhole.
I fear for round 3, though... She said it was the final one, right?
I don't like this...
SERVANT: Sorry, but you're not allowed to make your way to the throne room just yet...
MELANIE: Welcome to round 2! A Melia exclusive route!
Today we are going to be playing the button game!
This round is quite simple! To open the door in front of you...
Please press this button!
\sh\c[7]I-I'm not pressing that button!
MELANIE: Failure to press the button will result in a loss for \PN and Melly!
But that's not all...
Currently Kenneth, Amber, and Valarie are being held in a room below...
They are locked within that room the same way you are in yours.
Pressing the button in front of you will open the door to both rooms~!
MELANIE: So what will it be Melly? Press the button and continue?
Or rot away with everyone else in these dungeons!
The choice is yours.
AMBER: This is fucking bullshit. We all know that button is trouble.
But Melia's been put in a situation where she'll have to press the button no matter what!
VALARIE: We'll starve in here if she doesn't press that button!
KENNETH: But I shudder to think of the alternative if she presses that button.
MELIA: This is a complete model of the S.S. Paradise!
Despite its purpose, I can't help but admire it.
KENNETH: This book...?
MELIA: Huh?
KENNETH: "The S.S. Paradise was built to house the Pyriahs and gather people to Blacksteeple against their will.
Resistance is always met with futility due to the dying planet.
The fate of everyone on earth will fall into the crimson sea.
The crimson sea is the doing of me, Melanie!
By dumping large amounts of toxic substance within the water, I've toxified the entire ocean!"
Why would Melanie go through all of this?! Why poison the region's ocean?
MELANIE: You dullard, just think about it for a few moments...
KENNETH: Tesla...
MELANIE: The toxified ocean and the ruined land are interconnected! By reducing the landmass, resistance would be minimized!
I mean, if you have nowhere to go, you may as well come here!
KENNETH: You haven't explained <i>why</i> though.
Why do you want people to come here?!
MELANIE: This one's lost a few brain cells, eh?
KENNETH: ...
MELIA: She already explained why, actually...
Melanie mentioned this place as her "kingdom", and she's "The Princess".
She wants a kingdom to rule with an iron fist, so she's gathering people to satisfy that wish.
MELANIE: Awwooo!!! You're right! Miss Melly has brains!
If no one lives on my island, then no one can live at all!
It's really just that simple.
KENNETH: You are nothing short of evil.
MELANIE: Um, actually I am short, and evil. Stupid dullard.
MELIA: What about the bottom of the ship? It was filled with greenery and fresh water.
Why is that down there?
MELANIE: Hehehehehehe...
The S.S. Paradise holds a nice secret. Do you remember that machine in that oasis?
MELANIE: That machine is something special...
It has the stored DNA of over 700 Pokemon and fauna encased in its system.
With its capabilities, I suppose... Things COULD be reversed a little bit. But that requires a pass code from me, and I would never give it to you
dullards.
We're still preparing the games! So keep on running around and being stupid!
MELANIE: But that doesn't mean much to you all.
As long as I am "The Princess" in this world, there's no hope for any of you!
The games are almost ready to begin! So keep running around and being stupid!
Ta-ta!
"MELANIE: The S.S. Oceana was built to house the Pyriahs and gather people to Blacksteeple against their will.
Locked.
Melanie has instructed us to remain here and wait for more intruders...
Melanie...
The end is near. Be prepared.
AMBER: Well isn't this place fancy?
Of course the rich would sit comfortably up here while the poor suffered below.
???: Greetings, valued guest. Welcome to the Blacksteeple Playroom.
AMBER: It can't be...
TESLA: Welcome, we have been expecting you.
KENNETH: Tesla!!
AMBER: M-Mom?!
MADAME X: Stop.
Tesla isn't in her right mind.
Notice the crown on her head. It's not an ordinary crown.
She's being controlled like a doll.
KENNETH: No...
TESLA: Please, follow me. The Princess awaits you.
MADAME X: Just do as she says for now.
AMBER: ...
MELIA: This little girl is... The Princess?!
???: Yay! New friends! Now we can all play together!
Mommy said there were new friends coming, but I didn't know there were this many!
My name's Melanie! What's yours?!
AMBER: "Mommy"? You're not talking about my mother, right?!
MELANIE: Weeeeeeee!!!
MADAME X: Enough with this drivel. End the charade.
We're here for the Time Diamond, where is it?
MELANIE: You dullards are just so boring...
Awright, I'll end the charade then. If that's what you cows want.
AMBER: Huh...?
MELANIE: Why should I hand over the Time Diamond to a buncha fools!
AMBER: I don't care about that stupid Diamond.
What have you done to my mom?!
MELANIE: I wanted a mother... But she refused to be one.
So I made her be my mother against her will!
\sh\c[7]AMBER: YOU BASTARD!
MELANIE: Ah-ah-ah! If you hit me I may have to do something unfortunate to her.
You see the crown upon her head? There's a little feature I placed in it...
If she rebels, or disobeys any commands, I have the option of blowing her head right off.
KENNETH: You're just a little girl... How can you be this evil?
MELANIE: It's fun!
MADAME X: The Time Diamond.
MELANIE: Huh? You mean this thing?
MADAME X: The very same.
I'll be taking that with me.
MELANIE: You think I'm just going to hand it over to you like that?
Fat.
Chance.
MELIA: M-Madame X just disappeared?!
KENNETH: That Pokemon must have teleported her out of the room...
MELANIE: She wears a mask, but even I could see the glimmer in her eyes when the Time Diamond was presented~!
This is my playroom! Pokemon and people are all just toys for my amusement!
MELIA: You're horrible...
MELANIE: Now that I got the big threat out of the room...
We can get onto the show...
KENNETH: What do you mean by "show"?
MELANIE: You dullards are in my kingdom now. Therefore you follow my rules.
We're going to play a few games.
If you win this game... I may be kind enough to part with the Time Diamond.
AMBER: Bullshit. I don't believe that.
Do you honestly take us for idiots?
MELANIE: Yes.
AMBER: This girl...\| Is making me want to do violent things.
MELANIE: Don't worry, Amber. This game will be all worth it for you too...
But first, we'll begin the games! Astrolobica, send the contestants to their rooms!
ASTROLOBICA: Porrygoo!!
MELIA: Melanie, wait!!
MELANIE: Don't worry, Melly...
We are bound to each other in this world...
Whether it be by blood, or by fate... THERE'S NO ESCAPING!
MELIA: Wh-Where are we?
KENNETH: We've been moved to another part of the castle by that Pokemon.
I've never seen one quite like it before.
MELIA: It's a Porygon. It's a man-made Pokemon made in Kanto by Silph Co.
KENNETH: Kanto...? That's where I was born, actually.
MELIA: Oh... Small world.
KENNETH: Anyway, it looks like we've been separated from the others.
KENNETH: And it seems like we've been locked in.
I think this is why Madame X was so cautious of Melanie.
MELIA: Still, she acted rashly and fell into Melanie's trap.
KENNETH: You could say we've all fallen into Melanie's trap.
She was expecting our arrival.
MELIA: But how...?
KENNETH: T-Tesla...!
TESLA: Melanie has officially begun the game.
You three may leave this room and make your way to the game rooms.
KENNETH: Tesla, my love, it's me. Don't you recognize me?
I have served The Princess of this castle for the entirety of my life.
We have never met.
Please, make your way to the game rooms.
MELIA: Yes, \PN. You are absolutely right!
What Melanie did to her is terrible... Which is why we must continue.
We'll group up with everyone again and find a way to save Tesla.
KENNETH: You are right. I have to remember that only we can save Tesla.
We cannot fail here.
MELIA: It's not hopeless... You can't think like that!
KENNETH: Precisely. We have to keep moving forward no matter what.
Submitting yourself to your fate will only confirm your demise.
Tesla needs us, and we can't let her down.
MELIA: Let's get out of here and do what we can.
KENNETH: Right.
Group talk is now available!
Do you notice the icons on the top left? This means that you have party members with you!
Whenever these icons appear, this means you can engage in Group Talk!
To activate Group Talk, press the "A" key on your keyboard.
During Group Talk, your companions will have unique things to say depending on the room you're in.
Try it out!
MELIA: I'm ready whenever you are, \PN...
I don't know what we'll face when we get to the upper floor.
Please make sure you're ready for anything up ahead.
KENNETH: We can't go through here just yet. We should look around the castle more.
KENNETH: This room is awfully dark. I wouldn't try anything weird...
MELIA: What is that supposed to mean??
KENNETH: Sorry, did that come out weird? I just meant like, don't dance or anything.
MELIA: That explanation didn't make me understand any easier...
KENNETH: Sorry...
KENNETH: Amber!
VALARIE: Hi, I'm here too.
AMBER: Oh thank hell. I've been in the dark with this one for over half an hour.
I had a feeling crimson sea was nearby because of the smell, but...
I didn't expect it to be right under us...
MELANIE: Welcome to the first game, you buncha dullards!
MELANIE: It took a bit of preparation, but things seem to be settled!
YOU! Stupid woman, explain the rules to them.
TESLA: Kenneth and another person will perform in a 6v6 battle.
However, each party will be battling for a prize.
If \PN or Melia wins their battle, they may proceed onto round two.
If they fail, the game will end, and the Time Diamond will be destroyed.
TESLA: Alternatively, if Kenneth wins, Amber and Valarie will be safely brought to land.
If Kenneth loses,\c[2] they will be plunged into the crimson sea.
AMBER: Tch... Damnit, this is not cool. They're pitting us against one another.
\sh\c[7]VALARIE: KENNETH! SAVE US! I DON'T WANNA DIE!!
AMBER: Would you stop?! This piece of wood we're standing on isn't exactly sturdy!
KENNETH: ...I'm sorry.
MELIA: K-Kenneth, please... We are not your enemy...
KENNETH: Certainly not, but due to circumstance...
MELANIE: Oh come on, is that all you got? Reluctant fighting?
A bloke with no backbone is just boring.
I know just what to do in this situation. You need motivation!
"MELIA: You're right, \PN. Even if it means erasing this world...
We must get back to our own time and fix everything we broke."
MELIA: N-No, Kenneth, it's not what it--
KENNETH: So, you were willing to sacrifice us to get home?
In a way, I can't blame you for this. You just want to go back to the people you love.
I understand.
However.
I will fight for my family's life no matter the circumstance.
Please forgive me.
KENNETH: ...!
MELIA: Wh-What are you doing attacking \PN?
I was the one who said th-that, right? That means I'm your target!
\sh\c[7]Kenneth!
KENNETH: For you to have taken that attack for \PN...
You must share a strong bond indeed.
I regret having to fight you two.
Let's begin.
\sh\c[7]MELIA: Kenneth!?
What are you doing?!
KENNETH: I've devoted myself to fighting for my family's lives.
Do not think ill will of me.
KENNETH: To withstand an Aura Sphere from Lucario is impressive. You are strong.
But I am stronger.
KENNETH: I have devoted everything to keep my family safe.
Please do not think ill will of me.
This... Cannot be...!
AMBER: Kenneth, it's alright. You did what you could.
\sh\c[7]VALARIE: UMMM... NO?? IT'S NOT OKAY!
If you wanna throw away your life so bad then do so!
I still haven't even gotten to taste Cheesecake...
And I'd rather DIE than die without fulfilling my wish!
AMBER: ...??????????
MELANIE: Yay! And so we have a victor! Innit so exciting, mother?
The Princess is pleased with this performance.
But, you know what this means, right?
Kenneth lost the battle, which means that Amber and Valarie get dunked!
Mother! I will give you the honors of dunking your own daughter into the crimson sea!
As you wish.
MELANIE: Well? Go on! Pull the lever!
TESLA: I...
MELANIE: ...What?
TESLA: ...I won't.
MELANIE: What do you mean you won't?!
Do as I say you stupid cow!
AMBER: Holy crap... What just happened?!
VALARIE: Heeheeheehoohoo... Does it matter? We won't die tonight, baby!!
KENNETH: Tesla saved you all.
AMBER: M-Mom??
MELANIE: Oh for the love of... How annoying!
Astrolobica!!!
MELANIE: Take these wretched fools away from me!
Even though they cheated, the games must still go on.
I'd like to see Melia and \PN make it through the second round!
ASTROLOBICA: Pryya!!
MELIA: They're all gone... Even Melanie.
If that was round 1, I shudder to think about the other rounds...
\PN...
No, never mind. We should just keep going.
Took a little bit of time, but amping up the settings on the crown fixed her right away!
MOSELY: Dad, I'm so happy.
KENNETH: This truly is a joyous occasion, isn't it?
AMBER: I can't believe Mom gets to be the one to crown Melanie.
KENNETH: I'm so proud of her.
MELANIE?: My reign... Begins now.
All those who oppose this shall be crushed. My kingdom shall be prosperous!
Long live the residents of Blacksteeple, and the world!
KENNETH: "The Time Diamond is an ancient relic passed down for generations.
With the ability to fast-forward, pause, and rewind time, it stands to be a powerful relic indeed."
Interesting...
MELIA: ...So this is what the Time Diamond looks like up close.
With the Time Diamond, we could return to our normal world.
KENNETH: I truly hope for the best with you two.
If we're successful, we may be able to control this artificial island.
If that's the case, we'll be able to stop the pollution and live without fear of our land being destroyed.
MELANIE: Yeah? So what?
MELANIE: You dullards would be able to live here, but there's no reversing the crimson sea.
We've been dumping toxic wastes into the ocean for years.
It's too far gone. Even if I fell, you would all be stuck in my kingdom!
And that fills me with nothing but joy!
\sh\c[7]MELIA: You're a horrible little girl!
MELANIE: Say, if I went ahead and destroyed this Time Diamond...
That would mean Miss Melly and \PN would be stuck here forever.
Then \PN and Melia would be able to play games with me forever!
And they'd be my loyal subjects until they breathe their last breath.
MELANIE: Yes, that face crack was everything!!
The first game is almost ready. I can't wait to see your faces....
Until then, stay in despair!
MELIA: ...Huh?
KENNETH: ...?
MELIA: That Time Diamond Melanie had looked kind of strange.
The one here on this pedestal looked a little different, but I can't figure out what...
KENNETH: Perhaps the model here isn't quite exactly what it appears to be?
MELIA: I dunno...
Earth is a prison that we must escape from!
Don't you want to be free?!
When we're all free, we will be one with each other.
MELIA: We have... to make it home...
MELIA: Wh-What just happened?!
MELANIE: Oh!! You pressed the button! You're really going to regret that one!
Pressing that button opened the door in front of you, and the one holding the others!
But it had another effect too.
That button detonated a bomb somewhere along in my kingdom.
How many did that bomb kill, I wonder?
MELIA: No...
\sh\c[7]NO!!!
MELANIE: Probably a couple hundred. All of their blood is on your hands now.
How does it feel, Melia?
To be a mass murderer?
All those lives you just snatched away with a press of a button?
What do you think their faces looked like when it happened?
Do you think they even realized it happened?
But perhaps this was better for them all in the long run...
You wanted to save everyone, didn't you? That's what you said!
Think of it that way! You saved them from my rule!
Bahahahahahahaha!
JUST LOOK AT YOU COLLAPSE!
YOU DULLARDS HAVE NO STRENGTH WITHIN YOU AT ALL.
MELIA: .........
MELANIE: Now that that's over... Let's get onto the third and final round...
Melly and \PN, please make your way on top of the stage!
I'll fight till I kill someone!
G-Graaahh!!
AAAAAAA!!!
MELIA: \PN...
Let's just give it our all, okay?
This is a situation that we can't escape from...
I'm sorry.
...
MELANIE: Yay, and \PN won!
Would you look at that... It seems Tesla's going to live a long and happy life.
With me.
Can't say the same about the people on the S.S. Paradise, though.
And it's a shame that humanity will have absolutely no hope left.
But those were the rules of the game! I wouldn't dare break them!
MELIA: I... I won?
MELANIE: What? That's just boring... You weren't supposed to win.
Aw, I guess humanity will have hope after all. Bollocks.
Tis a shame for ol' Tesla here. She's lived a wonderful life in fear...
But that's all she wrote, I guess... She's gonna croak it.
Right.\| NOW!
\sh\c[7]MELIA: Melanie, stop!
MELIA: Melanie, please... Just stop all of this!
I give up everything, just please stop all of this!
Tesla doesn't deserve to die.
The people on the S.S. Paradise don't deserve to die...
MELANIE: So heartbreaking... The emotion from your words is...
Sickening.
But awright! I have a compromise that will suit all of us!
Use the lift to bring yourself up to the top floor once again...
We'll talk more then.
MELANIE: Hehehehehehehe!
MELIA: ....
What's done is done...
I can't afford to falter here.
I'm sorry, \PN. I'm... I'm sorry.
MELIA: I managed to buy some time, but...
That almost went too smoothly, don't you think?
Also, I'm sorry for that battle...
That was a position neither of us wanted to be in.
God... I'm crying again. So stressed out.
Whatever Melanie has for us up there will probably even be worse than this.
It always is, somehow.
We should get going before Melanie changes her mind.
MELIA: What did Melanie try to do to me? I know you told me to stay out of contact, but...
MADAME X: Melanie tried to undergo a process known as "overlapping".
MELIA: ...Overlapping?
MADAME X: Suppose, for any reason, there were two of you.
One from the present, and one from a different time.
The laws of this world demand that only one instance of a person can exist at a given time.
After a certain amount of time, if the issue is not resolved, the laws will take matters into its own hands and remove one.
\c[6]At random.
However, this can be circumvented by either party if the two instances were to make contact with each other.
If this were to occur, the two would enter a mental struggle over dominance.
The victor of this battle would remain, and the other would be lost to existence.
MELIA: So two of the same person cannot exist together in one time.
If Melanie was trying to do that to me, then that would mean...
MADAME X: She is your counterpart of this realm.
But she did not try to overlap to save her existence. There are other ways to keep safe from this.
She wanted that golden light-- That power that awakend within you earlier.
MELIA: Oh...
MADAME X: What she would've done with that power, who can say.
MELIA: How did she know I had that power to begin with?
Not even I knew... At least to this extent. I always knew there was something weird with me.
MADAME X: It would seem that would remain a mystery to everyone. Including myself.
Speculation will get us nowhere. She is gone.
MELIA: There it is! The real Time Diamond!
There's a solid difference between this one and the fake one.
I'm surprised you were so easily fooled.
MADAME X: The Time Diamond wears away depending on how many times its used.
Similarly to weaponry, over time it becomes dull and eventually shatters.
There is no true way to tell what is real and what is fake.
MADAME X: With this in hand, we may return to your home.
When you get there, you will run into your past selves.
Those Time Gear amulets you have will keep you safe, but you must overlap with yourselves to move forward.
I will begin preparations.
MELIA: This power... That golden light. It's what you're after as well, right?
MADAME X: But of course.
MELIA: Needless to say that our truce will be over once we go back.
MADAME X: Naturally.
MELIA: You won't win.
And I will never give this power to you. I swear to it.
I'll fight to my final breath if I have to.
MADAME X: I await the fight to the finish.
Let us return.
SERVANT: H-How did you get here? We're supposed to be keeping tabs on Melia!
I can't let you interrupt the game!
I will fight... I will fight 'till the end!
SERVANT: Impossible...
I must leave before Melanie finds out...
Take the lift up to Melanie?
MELIA: \PN?
I've been thinking...
MELIA: About why we've been put through all of this.
By Spacea and Tiempa, I mean.
We've already deduced that this is all some sort of harsh lesson, or whatever.
But it's really sinking in that they've thrown us both into misery just to prove a point.
Don't you see how messed up that is?
It's unforgivable.
If... No, when we make it out of this...
I'm defecting from the Storm Chasers.
It's one thing to put me through some grand trial...
But it's another thing to put my friend through this as well.
\PN...?
Anyway, I can see light coming down from above...
Looks like we're there.
I've had enough of them.
MELIA: Thank you, \PN...
MELIA: Guys!
AMBER: Hey, Melia... Uh, you doing alright?
MELIA: Hahaha... No. No, not really.
I made a terrible mistake...
KENNETH: No one is blaming you for pressing the button.
You were just trying to help the ones close to you.
I did the same for my family, and if it meant pushing the button myself...
I can't say I wouldn't.
MELIA: Kenneth...
VALARIE: This is all very touching, but Melanie is still here you know?!
AMBER: \PN, Melia! You guys made it!
MELIA: I'm so glad you all made it as well...
VALARIE: Save your giddy gladdy for later. We're not exactly free, ya know?
Melanie's still here!
MELANIE: Welcome back to my throne room, idiots.
MELIA: You said you had a compromise...?
MELANIE: That's correct.
I will let all of you go, and hand over the Time Diamond.
If.
Melia comes over here and shakes my hand.
AMBER: ...What?
That's it? Shake your hand?
VALARIE: That's easy! Come on, Melia. Just go and do it already.
(MELIA: She wants me to shake her hand? But...)
MADAME X: There's something you must be aware of going forward.
When we meet The Princess of this castle, refrain from physical contact.
If she is to come into contact with you. We will instantly lose everything.
Understand?
MELIA: You want me to shake... Your hand?
MELANIE: That's what I said.
Let this all be water under the bridge. You've played the game well.
Besides pressing the button, of course. That was obviously a mistake. Hehe.
And you didn't even press the button. You good girl, you.
\sh\c[7]MELIA: N-NO!
MELANIE: What?
MELIA: I'm not shaking your hand!
This is obviously some sort of trick! I won't fall for it.
MELANIE: But Melly, look...
MELANIE: The Time Diamond is right here and for the picking...
All it takes is a two second hand shake for it all to be yours.
So, what do you--
MOSELY: I'm gonna take this, loser.
MELANIE: Wehh?!
AMBER: MOSELY?!
KENNETH: What are you doing here, Mosely?!
MOSELY: Saving YOU GUYS.
I got the Time Diamond so that's cool, right?
AMBER: Super cool, what the hell?
MOSELY: Here ya go, Melia. You were looking for this, right?
MELIA: Mosely, you're a life saver.
\sh\c[7]MELANIE: GIVE THAT BACK!
MIMIKYU: MIMIMIMIMI!
MELANIE: \c[6]What is that stupid Mimikyu doing here?!
AMBER: This game is over, Melanie.
MELANIE: Is that what you think?!
Just because you have me surrounded?!
You're all sorely mistaken! Dullards!
AMBER: ...??
MELANIE: This is the detonator for the S.S. Paradise.
With the press of a button, the S.S. Paradise will be destroyed.
That is, unless Melia hands over the Time Diamond to me.
MELANIE: What? Not convincing enough for you then?
Fine, let's make this a spicier deal.
Give me the Time Diamond, or I blow up the S.S. Paradise AND Tesla.
KENNETH: You wouldn't!
MOSELY: M-Mommy??
MELANIE: You guys played dirty first. I'm just retaliating against your cheating!
So you dullards better hurry up, or convince your friend to hand over that Time Diamond.
MELIA: Everyone...
AMBER: Melia, I understand how much you need that stupid piece of rock...
But if you don't hand that over right now she's going to kill my mother.
VALARIE: My crew is on that ship! If they die... I'll really have no one!
KENNETH: Please, give me the Time Diamond, Melia.
MELANIE: \c[6]NO! I want Melia to be the one to give it to me!
MELANIE: Let me reiterate just so you're clear.
You will have to choose between the one, or the millions once again.
With the single press of this button, I will damn humanity to an irreversible fate.
I will also activate the bomb located in Tesla's crown.
However, if you, Melia, decide to hand over my Time Diamond...
I will destroy the detonator and the crown lodged on Tesla's head.
Humanity will have a chance at hope, and Tesla will be saved.
Or, you can refuse my offer and use the Time Diamond to return to your time and destroy the little hope this world has left.
MELIA: Wh-Why do I have to choose again? Why does it have to be me?
MELANIE: Oh, and Melia? Take a look at this before you decide.
MELANIE: Can you see them? Can you hear their cries?
These are the people who have nothing left, but the will to live.
Each and every one of them prays for new light in this world.
New light that can shine above them if you make the right decision, Melia.
MELANIE: Even the people aboard the S.S. Paradise can see you.
They are relying on you for everything. Their lives are in your hands.
<ac>So what will you do, then?</ac>
<ac>The future of this world is in your hands.</ac>
<ac>I will give you 30 seconds to answer.</ac>
<ac>\c[6]Don't even think about doing nothing!</ac>
MELIA: Huh..? \PN, are you sure? Can we really run away and abandon them?
They helped us get this far... There would be no turning back from this.
MELIA: There's no turning back from this...
Am I sure I want to do this?
MELIA: \PN, do you really think we should hand it over?
But... We can't trust Melanie! She's trying to trick us, I'm sure of it!
MELIA: Maybe I should just give up... There's no point in fighting anymore.
If we try anything, Melanie will just win every time...
MELIA: Never mind, forget I said anything.
Sometimes you're so rude to me, \PN. I wish you would just be my friend.
AMBER: Melia... \PN...
MELIA: F-Forgive us!
\PN, let's get out of here!
MELIA: \PN, let's go back home!
MELANIE: Ahahahahahah!
\sh\c[7]You two idiots really fell for it!
And now you're going to pay the price for it!
Say goodbye to the S.S. Paradise!
TESLA: Give... Me the remote.
AMBER: MOM!
MELANIE: T-Tesla, what are you doing?!
Let go of me this instant!!
TESLA: I won't... let you...
MELANIE: Why can't you just do what you're told?!
KENNETH: Tesla!
MELANIE: That was the last straw!
\sh\c[7]DIE!
KENNETH: It can't be...
She's... gone.
\sh\c[7]MOSELY: Mommy!!
AMBER: Mom...
VALARIE: I'm... I'm so sorry.
MELANIE: I'll give you something to REALLY cry about.
Melia and \PN voided our agreement, and so...
Say goodbye to the S.S. Paradise as well!
VALARIE: My crew... They're all gone...
MELIA: N-No... The S.S. Paradise...
AMBER: It's... All over.
\sh\c[7]MOSELY: Granny!!!
MELANIE: You fell for a fake Time Diamond! Just like I thought you would!
But I didn't expect you to throw away everyone like that so quickly!
MELIA: E-Everyone...
AMBER: We helped you get this far and you just back stabbed us like that?!
My mother is dead. Tesla is dead because of you.
Melia, \PN! How could you do this?!
MELANIE: It's a shame, really. I truly did love her company.
\sh\c[7]AMBER: I'LL KILL YOU!
MELANIE: L-Let go of me!
KENNETH: Amber... Stop!
AMBER: This asshole just killed my mother!
I'll do the same and even worse!
VALARIE: She killed my crew! Rip her to shreds!
\sh\c[7]MELANIE: F-Father, I need help!!
MELIA: Fine. You win, Melanie.
I don't want to choose anymore. We're at our wits end.
Just please don't hurt Tesla, and leave the people of the S.S. Paradise alone.
MELANIE: Glad you see things my way, Melly!
Now come, hand over the Time Diamond right now.
AMBER: ...Melia, \PN. Thank you.
MELIA: Here.
MELANIE: Hehehe...
I.
Win.
MELIA: H-Huh?
AMBER: Wh-What's happening?!
KENNETH: Where's Melia?!
\sh\c[7]VALARIE: CAN SOMEONE UNTIE ME NOW?!
MELANIE: Um, did you not hear me last time you stupid cow?
I told you that you weren't allowed to just "do nothing".
Do you want me to blow up the S.S. Paradise?
MELIA: Huh...?
So, you too, \PN?
MELIA: There's something strange about all of this...
Melanie said the S.S. Paradise was imperative to her kingdom.
\c[6]Melanie said there's only one machine that can recreate Pokemon using their DNA.
This information contradicts her actions, but I don't think she's lied anywhere...
Then why?\|
MELIA: No... I don't think that's true.
We came to the conclusion that there's only enough resources to create one machine...
MELIA: Everything we know has lined up perfectly, I don't think she's lying...
But at the same time, I don't think she's being honest with us either...
MELIA: \PN... You're right!
"MADAME X: The Time Diamond can rewind, fast-forward, or even pause time."
MELIA: If you take that information, you can understand why she's taking such drastic measures.
\c[6]She can make mistakes, but she can always undo them.
But why actually commit to these actions if she knows it'll just reset everything?
We wouldn't normally remember...\| Unless...
MELIA: She's been listening...
We already knew this because of the recording, but \PN... She heard EVERYTHING.
That includes the conversation we had with Madame X about our Time Gear Amulets.
MELIA: She knows that if we mess up, we'll remember these mistakes.
Ever since we've got here, she's been trying to break us down mentally.
Bit by bit, and we've fought back each time.
Don't you see, Melanie?
You think you've set us up for a game we can't win.
But actually, you created a game where we can't possibly lose!
MELANIE: Wh-What are you saying?
MELIA: As long as the Time Diamond exists, you can undo your devastation.
And in the end, you must. You rely on the S.S. Paradise as well.
And with the Time Diamond existing, there will always be hope.
You have a double edged blade in your possession.
MELANIE: You don't--
MELIA: We're not done.
\PN, have you noticed anything about this diamond?
VALARIE: I think it's pretty too. Hehe.
MELIA: I mean, yes, but that's not what I was referring to exactly...
MELIA: Just look at it... It looks strange, doesn't it?
Almost like it doesn't quite match the one we saw earlier?
MELIA: Yeah, I agree.
MELIA: The Time Diamond we saw, which was a replica of the authentic version...
It had different streaks of colors in its core.
The Time Diamond you presented us with..
MELIA: It has a solid color in the middle. I think this is a fake.
A red herring devised to set us down the wrong path.
MELANIE: Krgh...
MELIA: With this knowledge in hand, there's nothing to be afraid of.
\PN and I have been through hell the moment we set foot in this world.
We didn't come this far just to lose to you, Melanie.
MELANIE: ...
MELIA: Do it then.
AMBER: I'll be taking this detonator then. Punk.
MELIA: So do you finally give up, Melanie? The games have ended.
MELANIE: The... game is over?
KENNETH: That's right. Free Tesla, now.
\sh\c[7]As if!!
AMBER: You're still going?
MELANIE: You said it yourself, Melia! Actually let's play forever and ever!
Father! I need help right now!
MELIA: That cry... It's--
Everyone, fall back right now!
AMBER: H-Huh?
The lift isn't responding...
MELANIE: Well? Get to fighting!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
*Only \PN may go past this point*
MELIA: Only you, \PN?
Okay, in that case I'll go see if there's another door I can go through.
Please stay safe, \PN.
Group Talk
End
We must press on
It's hopeless...
Yes
No
About what?
Sigh.
She has a backup.
She must be lying.
She can rewind time.
It's kinda pretty...?
Uhhhhhh.....
It looks different?
[Map462]
MELANIE: Do you hear them?
Can you see them? They're all gathered around, just for you, Melia.
While we were talking, my loyal subjects took the liberty of placing these screens here for all to view.
Keep your eyes wide open, Melia...
For these are all the people left in this world. Each and every single one of them stands before you here.
And each and every single one prays for you to make the right decision.
A decision that only you can make, Melia. A decision that will decide their, and our future.
MELANIE: Back in your time, you didn't know the consequences of your actions.
But this time, I wanted to make it abundantly clear just what exactly you're doing.
Will you look into the poor eyes of the people of this world and save them?
Or will you turn your back on them to save yourself, and condemn them?
...
???: Yawn...
MADAMEX: Before all of this, I was in possession of a gem called a Time Diamond.
\c[6]It's an item that allows the user to manipulate and travel through time as they see fit.
With this, you could rewind, fast forward, or even stop time for a brief moment.
MADAMEX: There's one Time Diamond in the world at each time.
When one is destroyed, another will appear at another location.
\c[6]Avoid physical contact with her at all costs, or the results will put us in even more peril than before.
MELIA: ...What happens if she makes physical contact?
MADAMEX: I'd rather not discuss it, or the consequences of that happening.
...It all makes sense!
MELANIE: I don't understand... How could this happen?
This power... it's possible to do something like this all along?
P-Perhaps... things could've gone another way... I could've done better?
Ah... But this light is so warm... I guess those dullards aren't so bad after all.
You win... Melia...
[Map463]
MELIA: Madame X, I have a question for you.
MADAMEX: And since when were you so polite? Just ask.
MELIA: How exactly did I "awaken" myself?
MADAMEX: Who knows...? I saw Venam with you when you appeared before Melanie.
Perhaps your friendship with Venam allowed you to have some sort of inner change.
AMBER: Goddamn, that was a nice nap.
These hammocks are way better than those lame beds upstairs.
TESLA: Amber? Amber, dear, could you come here for a second?
AMBER: Huh? Yeah, I'll be there in a minute, Mom.
Well, let's go see what this is about.
AMBER: Mom? Mooooooom? Where are you?
TESLA: Amber, I'm right here.
AMBER: Mom!
TESLA: How's my little sweet pea? You doing alright?
AMBER: I was just taking a nap downstairs in the cell area.
The hammocks downstairs are to die for, really!
TESLA: I'll have to try them sometime then, but we have to get ready.
AMBER: Ready for what?
TESLA: Amber, did you forget? The coronation is tonight!
AMBER: The coronation... right...
TESLA: I don't understand... Aren't you happy?
AMBER: No, I am... It's just... something is giving me a bad feeling.
TESLA: You shouldn't say things like that aloud, Amber.
I wouldn't want to have to report you.
AMBER: M-Mom, relax! I was just kidding!
TESLA: I should hope so...
Anyway, get ready and grab \PN for me, would you?
They should be in their room.
AMBER: Sure thing.
TESLA: Thank you, Amber.
AMBER: Today's a good day. There's no reason to be sad...
AMBER: Hey, there you are! Did you forget that the coronation was today?
Because... I kind of did.
\PN: ...
AMBER: ...
Listen, don't get too excited now. Just get ready and meet us above deck.
\PN: ...Okay.
AMBER: Ugh... my head...
Wait... Wait a minute!
Something about this just isn't right!
\PN!
AMBER: Where did...?
AMBER: Who... was I looking for again?
TESLA: Amber, it's time to go!
AMBER: Oh, right. The coronation is tonight!
I'm on my way, mom!
MELIA: That must be the real Time Diamond. It's really beautiful...
[Map464]
MELIA: Madame X, I have a question for you.
MADAMEX: And since when were you so polite? Just ask.
MELIA: How exactly did I "awaken" myself?
MADAMEX: Who knows...? I saw Venam with you when you appeared before Melanie.
Perhaps your friendship with Venam allowed you to have some sort of inner change.
MELIA: Friendship, huh?
MADAMEX: Yes.
MELIA: ...Anyway, is that it over there?
MADAMEX: Correct, this is definitely the actual Time Diamond.
MELIA: I can really tell the difference. This one changes color and everything.
I'm a little confused on how you thought the fake one was real.
I thought you said you owned a Time Diamond before?
Shouldn't you be able to tell the difference?
MADAMEX: Think of this diamond like weaponry.
A sword on its first day of creation is shiny and sharp.
Over time, though, it loses its shine and luster. It becomes dull and eventually breaks.
The Time Diamond is no different. After many uses, it becomes less beautiful.
My Time Diamond was used so many times that it no longer sparkled like this gem.
MELIA: Then let's just go back already.
MADAMEX: Yes, but before we do that, I must explain something.
When we go back, there will be two versions of you and \PN.
\c[6]The universe doesn't allow for the same person to exist in the same time simultaneously.
If this were to happen, eventually the universe would delete one of you to correct things.
Your Time Gear amulets will protect you from this, but if you were to ever lose them...
I don't suppose you'd want to leave your existence up the to world, would you?
MELIA: Okay, well, what can we do about that?
MADAMEX: We're going to have to force the universe to accept us through a process called \c[6]Overlapping.
By coming into contact with yourself from a different time, you can merge with them.
This will erase any risk of being deleted by the universe, but it's risky.
MELIA: What's the risk?
MADAMEX: The risk is being overtaken. The one with the strongest mind always comes out on top.
If your past self has a better state of mind and force of will, they will become the dominant mind, and you will be erased.
Do you understand?
MELIA: So what you're saying is... We're not exactly out of the woods yet.
If \PN and I were to somehow fail the overlapping process, we risk our very existence?
MADAMEX: Not your total existence, just the version of you that exists before me.
If you were to lose to your past self, you would end up being stuck in a time loop.
You'd save Vivian from her fate yet again, and then repeat everything that happened here.
MELIA: I understand. I'm ready.
MADAMEX: Good.
MELIA: But understand this, Madame X.
Once we're back to our time, and after we settle things...
This little truce of ours will be over.
MADAMEX: Hmph... Of course.
But I also want you to understand this, Melia...
That light that beamed from your body moments ago...
\c[6]One day that sacred light will be mine. Then nothing will be able to stop me.
MELIA: As if I'd let that happen. I'm not going down without a fight.
None of us are!
MADAMEX: Ahah... And what a fight that will be.
A fight to the finish!
I don't suppose you'd want to leave your existence up to the world, would you?
MELIA: I understand... But you mentioned contact with ourselves, right?
Physical contact, correct?
MADAMEX: ...
MELIA: Don't tell me...
MADAMEX: You've already figured it out. Just leave it at that.
We're going to leave this wretched world once and for all.
MELIA: Fine, but understand this, Madame X.
\c[6]One day that sacred light will be mine. Then nothing would be able to stop me.
MELIA: That must be the real Time Diamond. It's really beautiful...
MELIA: Wait, just a moment...!
MADAMEX: ...What is it now?
MELIA: Are you just going to ignore what just happened to me?
MADAMEX: That's a hard thing to just ignore.
MELIA: I heard what you said when it happened. You said I awakened?
What exactly did you mean by that?
MADAMEX: Melia, many people claim that you have the power to create Shiny Pokemon, correct?
But did you think that "power" was solely for changing the DNA structure of Pokemon?
That light that eminated from your body is far deeper than any Shiny Pokemon.
MELIA: But this light is also responsible for that, right?
MADAMEX: To some extent, yes.
MELIA: Okay, well, if that's the case then why did Melanie disappear when I did all of that?
MADAMEX:\c[6] You did what Melanie tried to do to you.
MELIA: Huh?
MADAMEX: You figured it out, didn't you? Back when Melanie made you decide.
Although I fell through the floor, I could still hear what was happening in this room.
As could anyone who lived on this island. It was publicly broadcasted, after all.
MELIA: Melanie tried to bait me into giving her the Time Diamond.
I only figured that out because you told me to avoid physical contact.
What would have happened if Melanie tricked me successfully?
MADAMEX: You wouldn't be standing here now. That's all I have to say about that.
MELIA: And what about \PN?
MADAMEX: What about them?
MELIA: Stop playing dumb. You were watching.
You saw \PN shield me from Yveltal's attack.
It was so powerful that it knocked me right off the castle!
Yet here they are in one piece. Not a single scratch on them either.
So I really have to ask you, \PN. What happened to you?
MADAMEX: Hmph... It's happened before, hasn't it?
On Valor Mountain, and in Kugearen City.
I finally understand what they are.
\ts[6]The Interceptor.
MELIA: Interceptor? What's that?
MADAMEX: Hah... Wouldn't you like to know?
MELIA: You get one answer and then get 200 million questions in return.
That's just how the cookie crumbles, I guess.
AMBER: I can't remember who they were. But I know they existed.
I can't say that I feel too happy about her coronation. It's something I'll just have to live with.
...But I can't help but shake the feeling like this isn't what was supposed to happen.
Why are we suddenly following her? Wasn't she our enemy?
Does it even matter to think about at this point?
I suppose this is just our future now...
TESLA: All rise for Queen Melanie!
MELANIE: Thank you all for being here.
As of today, I shall be your rightful ruler, and Queen.
All who stand in our way shall be crushed. All who oppose me shall be struck down!
Those of you who wish to flee may do so now, but know that your days are numbered.
Those of you who wish to stand by my side as I take this world for my own will live to be prosperous!
No point going back...
[Map465]
MADAMEX: I finally understand.
MELIA: Excuse me?
MADAMEX: Hahah... How could I be so idiotic?
The answer was right there in front of me and I couldn't figure it out.
MELIA: What are you going on about? Could you share what you've learned with the rest of the class?
MADAMEX:\c[6] The Interceptor.
MELIA: The Interceptor...?
MADAMEX: Come now, let us leave.
You all will learn in time. It's not my job to educate you on how the real world works.
MADAMEX: The real Time Diamond should just be up ahead... At least, I hope.
MELIA: Is it just me or does it seem like everytime we finally get answers...
Millions of more questions just appear right after?
I have a migraine.
MELIA: \PN... are you seeing this?
Something... just cut this whole castle in two. A clean cut.
B-But, that's where the others were standing, right? Melanie too?
\c[6]Were they obliterated in that beam of light?
MELIA: Of course she survived...
MADAMEX: Don't sound so happy. It's not over yet.
We still have her to deal with.
???: Yveee!
MELIA: Melanie...
MELANIE: 'Ello, you lovely dullards. Thought you were saved?
I must thank Amber for dropping me back there, or I would've been eliminated as well.
MELIA: So that means Amber and the rest... were...
MELANIE: Yes, I'm afraid their story has come to a close, hm?
But I suppose we all can't have the happy ending we all yearn for.
MELANIE: And as for you, Madame X, was it?
I'm very surprised you were able to survive that fall!
Latching onto the wall with your sword was quite the play...
But I've thought it over, and I've come to the conclusion that this is where we part ways.
I don't NEED you, Melia. Not to rule this world.
So why don't you go visit Amber and the rest of those good-for-nothing scavengers!
Yveltal, Decimation!
YVELTAL: Yveee!
MELIA: No... Is this it? I c-can't hold on for much longer...
\PN... Did \PN protect me again?
MELIA: No please... I don't want to die!
MELIA: I don't want to die!
But... Maybe I should do just that.
Have I reached the bottom?
Or have I just forgotten that I've fallen in the first place? Is this real life?
After all we've done together, for it to end like this...
It's a little insulting, isn't it?
But I suppose that's the fate for a girl as selfish as me.
To think that I could solve the world's problems without anyone else's help.
I've solved it, alright. I've solved it by destroying everything.
But I'm done. I've submitted.
I can do no more harm, now that I'm gone. Isn't that right?
Maybe...\| That's for the best?
Ah... It's the ribbon Venam and \PN bought for me.
Venam, I'm so sorry... I'm sorry for everything.
I've failed both of you... I'm the reason... you're even in this situation.
Everything that's happened to everyone has been because of me!
???: Sigh... Since when did you become such a whiny idiot, Melia?
MELIA: Venam? How... did you find me?
VENAM: Man, did that fall knock out that brain of yours?
I was here with you the whole time. That ribbon...
That ribbon is what tied us together. It's what helped me find you here.
MELIA: But... you're not really here. You're just...
VENAM: No... I'm not really here, but does it matter?
MELIA: V-Venam, I'm so sorry... I'm sorry for what happened to you.
If you never met me... If I were never born, you'd... you'd...
VENAM: Be bored as hell? Yeah, I would be.
You're not, and never were in any way a burden to me.
I know you blame yourself for everything, but this is one thing I just won't let slide.
You've changed my life for the better.
Sure I may be a petrified piece of stone inside an incubator...
But I'm lazy as hell usually, so I'm always in that situation anyway!
Don't beat yourself up, Melia.
MELIA: Ah... Well, it doesn't matter anyway. It's all over for me.
For all I know I could already be dead.
VENAM: Stop it!
You're capable of so much, Melia. Don't give up now that I'm not around.
You were always the one who got me up when I fell, and now it's my turn.
Things may have fallen for this world, but you still have your friends waiting on the other side.
So get the hell up, Melia!
Because if you don't then... then I'll never get to see my best friend ever again.
And that fact alone would make this hell on earth.
MELIA: Y-You're absolutely right, Venam. I can't give up here. Not now.
Not after everything we've been through.
MELIA: I can't give up on you... You gave me the strength I needed to be myself.
You gave me the strength to help others when I needed help the most.
After all you've given me, I think it's time to give myself strength.
To reunite with you and thank you for all you've done for me.
VENAM: ...
MELIA: Oh... and Venam, there's actually something-
VENAM: No... You can tell me when you come to wake me up, okay?
I think I'd prefer to hear it then.
MELIA: I think that would be perfect.
This... light... it's so bright and so warm...
How... How is it possible?\| How has it come to this?
I can feel my consciousness fading away... Why...?
It's all over... Father, I have lost...
MELIA: I don't understand... What just came over me?
Melanie is gone too...
MADAMEX: You've awakened, finally.
MELIA: I've awakened? What are you talking about?
MADAMEX: That light inside you... It laid dormant all this time, until now.
MELIA: But that's what I don't understand. Why do I have this light?
What's so significant about me that would allow me to wield something like this?
MADAMEX: Melia, did you really think you were capable of creating Shiny Pokemon just cause?
MELIA: I uh...
MADAMEX: The reason why Shiny Pokemon appear before you is much deeper than you could imagine.
Shiny Pokemon came to you whenever you wanted them to.
It's certainly not by chance, or by some specific DNA altering power.
MELIA: So the reason I was able to create Shiny Pokemon was because of this light specifically?
And this light is connected to some deeper power or something?
MADAMEX: That's correct.
MELIA: If that's the case, why did Melanie disappear after I awakened?
MADAMEX: That's not important right now. What's important is escaping this hell.
MELIA: I suppose you're right. I don't want to be here anymore.
MADAMEX: Good. We can't afford to lose anymore than we already have.
MELIA: Amber, Tesla, Mosely, Kenneth and Valarie... They're gone because of me...
All because I tried to be selfish and escape this place with-
MADAMEX: I couldn't care less about those blabbling idiots.
I was referring to \PN. Melanie obliterated them with Yveltal's Decimation.
MELIA: ...\PN.
MELIA: \PN!
MELIA: But how are you still standing? You protected me from Melanie's Yveltal!
You saw it too, didn't you Madame X?
MELIA: \PN... What did Melanie just do?
Looks like the blast knocked everyone else out cold, but they seem to be doing fine...
Sigh... What a relief.
MELIA: Melanie...!
MELANIE: Melia... I must admit, you're far too smart for me.
But it's just like you said before, as long as the Time Diamond exists, I can start over.
I'll keep trying my best to accomplish what needs to be done, and I won't stop until I do!
And as for you and your friends... I'll see to it that they're taken care of.
Permanently... You stupid dullards!
MELIA: No please... I don't want to die...!
There are still people waiting for you on the top of this castle.
You can't just let go of them now. They need you now.
[Map466]
[Map467]
CELLA: R-Regirock?!
Was Anju not able to defeat it?!
MELIA: I can take care of this, \PN. You keep going!
I believe in you!
VIVIAN: It was this place that I received my blessing.
All my life I had a connection with the Earth, but it was Nymiera who fully realized my gift.
And it is precisely because of that, that I was given Regirock as my companion.
After all this time, I am ready to give back what was given to me.
You all are trying to stop that. I know it's from the goodness of your hearts.
But I AM determined to do what needs to be done. That is the role of a protector.
\PN.
If you get in my way.\| I won't show any mercy!
This power... Just who are you?
VIVIAN: But... Why? I've used all of my strength...
Even that wasn't enough to stop you?
I just want to save you all...\nI want to save the people I love...
Why won't you just...\| Let me go?
MELIA: Hyah...!
REGIROCK: Ji...Ji...Ji..
MELIA: Cella, we have to hurry!
CELLA: R-Right!
CELLA: V-Vivian, you're okay!!
VIVIAN: Cella...
Ahah... I see. So not even Regirock was able to hold.
All of my cards have been drawn and played, and I've come empty handed.
CELLA: You're wrong! You still have us!
I know you said something bad will happen, and that we can't help...
But let us in. Allow us to assist you in any way we can, Vivian.
I'm your best friend. I just want you to be happy.
VIVIAN: Cella...\| Everyone...\| I'm...
VIVIAN: I'm so sorry.\| I'm so sorry for everything.
CELLA: It's okay, Vivian...
I have you now. Everything's gonna be okay.
\|Everything's gonna be okay...\| Right?
MELIA: Stop!
MELIA: H-Huh??
MELIA: This might be confusing for you, but this will only take a sec.
Let's do this \PN!
CELLA: \PN...! Melia!!
MELIA: I-I'm okay! I'm still me! It must've been successful!
\PN, how are you feeling? Do you remember?\|
MELIA: Thank goodness... You won the mental battle!
Good, that's good. We can still do this.
MELIA: Nice try, but I can tell you're lying. No time for jokes, \PN!
MELIA: N-No, it can't be! Did you lose the mental struggle?!
...
Hey, you're laughing!
This isn't a time for jokes, \PN!
CELLA: What are you two talking about?! What just happened?
There were other people in here! They looked just like you two!
And now they're gone! I need some type of explanation!
MELIA: W-Well, you see...
MELIA: ...I forgot about this.
I beat thing thing once, and now we're both on this side of history.
Let's take Regirock down!
MELIA: Okay, Regirock is down. It won't bother us anymore.
CELLA: You two still haven't answered me from before!
I can't just ignore something like that!
MELIA: We'll tell you, but you won't like what we have to say.
Follow us for now.
MELIA: Vivian!
VIVIAN: I see... So Regirock wasn't enough to slow you down.
I am determined. I won't back down.
You are welcomed guests, but... I won't hesitate to knock you all down.
MELIA: Vivian, we're not here to stop you.
We're here...\| We're here to assist you in any way we can.
CELLA: P-Pardon me? Assist Vivian? What has gotten into you two?!
You want Vivian to die? I thought you were here to help me stop her!
MELIA: Of course we don't want Vivian to die, but we have no choice!
We've been to the future she's seen. The tragedy that's going to come our way.
It's unprecedented, horrifying, and it must be prevented at any cost.
The one or the million... This is the right thing to do.
VIVIAN: Melia, your hair is longer, and your clothes are tattered and beaten.
You and \PN have been through much. I can sense that.
\sh\c[7]CELLA: Are you three insane?! Vivian is going to end her own life!
MELIA: You saw proof of this yourself! \PN and I have come from hell and back!
We came from a dark future and overtook ourselves so that we could prevent that from happening!
MELIA: None of us want Vivian to die... But...
VIVIAN: No other choice. As I have predicted.
Kanon and I have been conspiring this in secret for a long time.
Nymiera's cherished Servant has given me her blessing.
This is the right thing to do, Cella.
ANJU: Nymiera... She has given you your blessing?
VIVIAN: She has.
CELLA: There has to be another way! There just has to be!
I just cannot accept that your death is the only solution to this.
There's just... There's just...
Oh... Vivian...
ANJU: If this is what must be... Then it must be.
Nymiera herself has agreed with this plan. It's regrettable, but...
VIVIAN: I... I love and cherish my friends and family very much.
And, please, let me stress that...\| I do not wish to leave you all...
ANJU: Vivian...
VIVIAN: But it's because of that love... That I am prepared to do this.
Thank you everyone. I hope... You all live in a future that is bright.
???: Not a chance.
CELLA: V-Vivian!
ANJU: Wh-What just happened?!
VIVIAN: Y-You... You were the one I sensed...
GARDEVOIR: Correct. I've kept my eye on you for quite some time, Vivian.
To think you'd go ahead with such a disgusting spell.
I won't have you interfering with my Master.
MELIA: Your "Master"?!
GARDEVOIR: Vivian tried to stop the end result of my Master's plan.
That future you saw was no fleeting dream. It was a premonition.
CELLA: So it's true then... The world \PN Melia and Vivian saw?
GARDEVOIR: I don't answer to you.
GARDEVOIR: I've completed what I sought out to do, and that's all.
Farewell.
CELLA: We'll look after Vivian, please go after that Pokemon!
MELIA: R-Right.. \PN, let's go!
I remember!
What are you talking about?
We have to save Vivian!
[Map468]
SOUTA: Come this way, \PN.
SOUTA: You may be wondering where, or what this place is?
Perhaps it is best described as a frame of mind.
Literally...
Be it a surprise or not, I have been given the duty of healing Aelita, AND preparing you for the future.
Yes, you \PN.
SOUTA: Now then...
Aelita requires one final piece of the puzzle to finally repair herself...
As for you, \PN... You require many more.
I will be the piece that puts you one step further to your completion!
Outstanding.
SOUTA: Hohoh...\| Good, yes good. Things should be this way.
For winning, you deserve this as a prize.
\PN received the Golden Wing Badge!
With that, your Pokemon should be able to use the move Fly out of battle.
Please, take this with you as well.
SOUTA: Spacea and Tiempa... Horrible beings. Nothing short of that.
SOUTA: You thought I didn't know?
Child, I am one of their subordinates. A member of the Stormchasers.
Of course, not by choice, really... I am another piece they played.
You heard that Cella had a fianc, right? Would you believe me if I said that was me?
SOUTA: Ah, but of course you could.
SOUTA: There's always a way with a will.
Love is something that always has ways, even through death.
It is true that I had died before Cella and I could marry.
But as I was on to pass to the other life, my soul was stopped by two beings.
They had an offer I could not refuse. Temporary life for a favor.
My talents as a healer was unmatched, but I decided to pursue something different.
They kept me alive until the eventual day where a cursed Aelita would show up.
SOUTA: Now that both tasks are at their end, I no longer am required.
I am fading from this life once again.
Let us return to the ground below.
I could.
There's no way.
[Map469]
MADAMEX: I finally understand.
MELIA: Excuse me?
MADAMEX: Hahah... How could I be so idiotic?
The answer was right there in front of me and I couldn't figure it out.
MELIA: What are you going on about? Could you share what you've learned with the rest of the class?
MADAMEX:c[6] The Interceptor.
MELIA: The Interceptor...?
MADAMEX: Come now, let us leave.
You all will learn in time. It's not my job to educate you on how the real world works.
MADAMEX: The true Time Diamond should just be up ahead... At least, I hope.
MELIA: ...Is it just me or does it seem like everytime we finally get answers...
Millions of more questions just appear right after?
I have a migraine.
MELIA: What just came over me? What was with that light?
MELIA: \PN...
AMBER: Who fucking knows, but you were incredible!
Just look around us... Is this real life?
KENNETH: It's almost too good to be true... Everything as it was before...
MOSELY: Guys, take a look over there!
MOSELY: I-It's incredible!
KENNETH: Whatever Melia did, it restored the world back to its former glory!
AMBER: Everything is so... damn green! Is it supposed to look like that?
TESLA: Yes... This is how the world should be. Bright and colorful!
VALARIE: Even the air smells better.. It's almost burning my throat!
MOSELY: Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get down there!
AMBER: Mosely, calm down for a bit would you?
We have plenty of time to go frolicking in the woods.
There's still a matter of finding the real Time Diamond so that \PN and Melia can go back to their own time.
MOSELY: Aw... Is it even worth it to go back? I mean, just look at all of this!
MADAMEX: Of course we must go. This is not our time.
MADAMEX: There's still a matter of our mission, right Melia? \PN?
Or are you going to forget about the original timeline you've forsaken?
MELIA: You're right. There's no time to celebrate for \PN and I.
TESLA: Then we'll help you all look for it! It's the least we could do!
MADAMEX: Your help is not needed. I already know where the diamond is.
MELIA: Wait, but how?
MADAMEX: While you all were off wasting time and having a nice look at the scenery...
I actually made myself productive and searched for it.
It's in a few rooms behind the playroom we were just in.
MELIA: I see...
KENNETH: Then I suppose this is goodbye?
MELIA: I guess it is...
MOSELY: Welp, thanks Melia! Bye-bye!
AMBER: Mosely!
AMBER: Honestly, what am I going to do with this child?
AMBER: ...If this truly is where we say goodbye and part ways...
Then I want to apologize for the way I treated you both. Especially Melia.
It was fun, but you have your own people to take care of.
But just a little word of advice...
Don't come back. See ya later!
TESLA: I must say thank you as well. If it weren't for you two, I'd be stuck in the castle with Melanie.
Where did she go anyway? She disappeared into thin air...
But considering what she tried to do, I guess that's not such a bad thing.
Goodbye everyone!
VALARIE: Um, you guys probably hate me so I'm just gonna go.
KENNETH: And so, I must bid adieu to both of you as well.
KENNETH: Despite everything, and even though we were in this situation because of you two...
In the end, you made things right. That's all that matters to me.
Good luck, \PN and Melia. May our paths never cross again. For good reasons!
MADAMEX: Good, now that that's settled. We can be on our way.
MADAMEX: Come, this way.
MELIA: ...
No point in going this way now...
MOSELY: D'aww, what are you doin up there all by yourself?
AMBER: Oh, hey Mosely.
Nothin', just thinking about... life I guess.
I'm still pretty sure I haven't exactly processed what's happened.
Just a few weeks ago we were hiding for our lives in some stuffy cave.
Now... I'm looking at the sun.
Breathing fresh air and looking at 100% clean waters.
I'm not dreaming, am I?
MOSELY: Did Melia stuff crops in your head? Because that was so damn corny.
AMBER: Pfft... Your jokes are no different.
I'm just wondering what we're going to do now.
TESLA: Isn't that something for all of us to decide?
AMBER: Huh? I mean... I guess...
KENNETH: If you think about it, we could never confirm if there were only 5 islands left in the world.
My old boat was only able to go so far, but this ship can take us anywhere.
TESLA: Yes! For all we know, there may be even bigger lands that we didn't know about!
Perhaps there are even some parts of the world that's not completely fixed yet.
With this ship, we can rescue so many people and help the Earth restore itself.
AMBER: So many possibilities, huh? I'm ready.
MOSELY: Yep yep! I'm ready to help do nothing! That's kind of my profession.
AMBER: Don't lie, Mosely. Your profession is to be incredibly annoying.
MOSELY: Can't a gal have two jobs? I have a major and a minor!
???: Hey... um...
VALARIE: I-I know I caused you guys some problems in the past, but...
I w-was kind of wondering... If... You guys would allow me to join you?
I won't be a burden or anything, I promise!
AMBER: Yeah, sure.
VALARIE: It's okay... I understand-
VALARIE: W-Wait, what now?
I... can stay?
AMBER: Yep.
VALARIE: R-Really??
TESLA: You aren't under Melanie's rule anymore. You're your own person, Valarie.
We'll decide whether or not you're worth having around by how you behave from now on.
KENNETH: Exactly. Until then, enjoy the ride.
VALARIE: O-Okay-- Also, you can call me Val if you want. My friends call me that.
I mean, I don't have any friends but if I did they would call me Val, you know?
I-I mean, I consider you guys friends-- I mean, I'm not sure if you consider me-
MOSELY: We get it... Val.
VALARIE: Aw man, this is going to be so great!
We're gonna be one big happy family just you wait!
I know this guy, who knows this guy, who knows this other guy, who knows this one other guy--
That knows where we can get really good food to eat and I mean REALLY good!
EVERYONE: VAL!
[Map470]
STANTLER: Pooroof?
BUNEARY: Buun! Buun!
SNORUNT: Sno-runt!
SNEASEL: Pwaaup!
It looks like I'm just standing here trying to take in this beautiful scenery, when really I'm just frozen in place.
You wouldn't happen to have something I could us to defrost myself?
Guess I'll just stand here for all eternity then.
It's very strange to see trainers all the way up north...
Oh...
I think you'll go far in life. I can see it.
Are you here to visit the ruins up north?
Same here! Glad to know that there are other people out there that enjoy this kind of thing!
Yes, there are ruins located directly north of where we're standing.
People theorize that it was here before the calamity tore Aevium apart.
No one has figured a way inside the ruin, though.
So if you were planning on heading on inside, you'd best turn back.
But if you're going there just to take a look, then by all means, do so!
I heard that weird Pokemon appear past this pond at night.
I'm going to wait here until I see them for myself!
I see them! I see the weird Pokemon that only appear at night!
Something seems to be rustling in your bag! It seems to be Anju's Pendant!
Reveal Anju's Pendant?
Something seems to be rustling in your bag! It seems to be the Mysterious Emblem!
Reveal the Mysterious Emblem?
Yes
Ruins?
No
[Map471]
PIPLUP: Pippo!
EMPOLEON: Pooorioo!!
This must be \c[6]The Emperor!
Challenge The Emperor?
Yes
No
[Map472]
???: Ah, youth that finally follows ol' Nana's rules?
NANA: You are a rarity! Cherish yourself child.
What is your business on Evergreen Island? Here to catch rare Pokemon?
Sigh, that always seems to be the case for you novice trainers...
They all gather here to get rare Pokemon they can't find anywhere else!
Most of them never make it this far, though. Usually the cold becomes too much.
But since you were able to make it this far, I'll let you in on a little secret.
Deep within Evergreen Forest, lies a secret and sacred spring.
Legends say that it was once owned by a woman who could control ice with ease.
But after the calamity, she disappeared, never to be seen or heard from again.
This spring is the last memento of her.
Though, I doubt a youngin like you would be too interested in stuff like that, hm?
Fine, then I'll tell you something that may interest you even more.
The Spring itself would be useless to you by itself, but \c[6]extremely rare Pokemon dwell there.
Usually you'll find their young ones out in the open, however...
They say that their leader,\c[6] The Emperor, reveals itself to extremely powerful trainers.
NANA: Ah... I see that twinkle in your eye! That must mean you're intrigued?
In that case... Please take this.
The door to the spring will not open to anyone. Only those who are connected to the original owner.
This item I gave you will allow you to enter the Spring at any time.
If you happen to capture The Emperor, I may give you something nice.
But, if the Emperor does not appear to you, do not fret. Become stronger and come back later.
I'm sure it will reveal itself to you once you've returned with\c[6] proof of your strength.
NANA: Oh! Oh! So you've captured the Emperor!
My... My... I didn't think you would be this impressive...
Well, like I promised, here's something nice for doing something so amazing.
NANA: This washed up on the shore many decades ago.
I never found a use for it. Perhaps you will?
NANA: Perhaps I shall return home soon. My real home.
Hm? You thought this is where I really lived?
No, no, this is more like a getaway cabin for me.
My actual home is in Neverwinter. Maybe we shall meet there one day?
\PN's team was fully healed!
[Map473]
[Map474]
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
"Amethyst Cave"
It's surprising to see children on this route.
Though haven't I seen you before? You were here with the girl with purple hair and emo boy.
I even told you all to take the direct path to Amethyst Cave.
Why are you looking at me like I'm crazy? Did you forget about me?!
[Map475]
It's a portal to the real world.
Do you want to enter it?
ERIN: Uh... Hello?
TAELIA: Oh, hello! You must be Aelita's friends from school, right?
ERIN: ...Huh?
TAELIA: Kenneth, sweetheart, will you go fetch Aelita for me?
KENNETH: Of course, dear. Would you happen to know where she is?
Last time I saw her, she said she was going outside to play with you.
AELITA: Mommy, mommy! I'm home!
TAELIA: Aelita, there you are!
Your friends from school are here to visit you!
ERIN: ...
AELITA: I'm going up to my room...
TAELIA: Okay, Darling! We'll send your friends up there as well.
AELITA: Okay...
ERIN: Sorry, but didn't we just speak outside?
TAELIA: Huh? I'm afraid this is the first time we've met, sweetie.
ERIN: The Taelia outside did say that she wouldn't be able to help us past that point.
Maybe this is what she meant?
TAELIA: I'm afraid I'm not following you, dear.
ERIN: That's fine, you're not real anyway. So move aside, yeah?
TAELIA: Why do you always have to go and ruin everything, huh?!
Can't you see that we're the perfect family here? Everything's perfect?!
ERIN: What...
KENNETH: That wretched child ruins everything for us!
Now look! Our guests think that we're bad people!
Are we too neglectful of the house? Have we said something too rude?!
ERIN: What is going on here? Relax!
This all started when I said...
Hey, Taelia... This isn't real you know.
TAELIA: Now look at what you've done! The neighbors are here asking for sugar!
What are we going to tell them? That we have no sugar?!
KENNETH: This is all your fault you know?! If you just let her go, none of this would've happened!
TAELIA: How could I let her go?! How, Kenneth?
ERIN: It's like I'm watching a really bad family sitcom fall apart, sheesh.
Alright, would you two mind disappearing so that there's space for people who actually exist?
That would be nice, thank you.
ERIN: Well, that got rid of them.
ERIN: It seems like Aelita's Rift gets irritated when you try to disprove of its authenticity.
Perhaps a functional family is what Aelita wanted her family to be.
Well, she can't live in a bubble forever.
Did you know that popping bubbles is my favorite pastime?
Because it is.
ERIN: We were this close to getting her out of here.
I just wasn't fast enough, I guess.
But that's not going to stop me. This isn't the first time Aelita ran away.
If this rift still exists, that must mean that she's still around here somewhere, right?
Standing around here isn't going to do us any good. Let's-
ERIN: Th-That light?!
MELIA: I won't let her go!
VIVIAN: Garufan magic requires a price to pay.
TAELIA: Everyone must give something they love. No matter what it is.
VIVIAN: Such is the rule of equivalent exchange.
TAELIA: But no one is prepared for the consequences of their desires.
VIVIAN&TAELIA: Neither were we.
AELITA: Why are you idiots trying to ruin everything for me?
In the real world, I am a monstrosity. A being that should've never existed!
But here... I am wanted. I am necessary. I am alive.
This is where I belong, and where I will stay with my true family...
ERIN: What about your friends? Cella? She looked after you as if you were family!
AELITA: My "friends", and Cella are from the real world. We will never coexist.
\shERIN: ENOUGH with the edgy bullshit, Aelita!
You are the most stubborn woman I've met in my entire damn life!
Your friends and family are one and the same. This fairy tale won't live up to the real thing.
That's right. This FAKE world is nothing but that.
You've caused us a lot of problems, but...
We love and care for you, which is why we won't let you fester in this hell-hole.
And if that means kicking your ass right out, then \PN and I will happily oblige.
AELITA: ...
ERIN: \PN, if she wants to be an idiot, then let's all be idiots too.
AELITA: Fine... Do what you want.
Don't cry when you get hurt.
ERIN: Likewise.
AELITA: Fight.
ERIN: Aelita!
ERIN: I'll find you.
AELITA: What... What happened to me?
KETA: You've been freed, Aelita.
VIVIAN: That's right... Because of \PN, and Erin, the curse that ailed us has been broken.
TAELIA: This world is beginning to crumble as we speak.
AELITA: So this will be the only time we're together again...
TAELIA: I'm afraid that's just how things are meant to be.
AELITA: Mom... I-I mean, Taelia. I've always seen you as my mother...
But I now know that it's not the case. I don't really have a mother.
TAELIA: You were born from my death. In one way, I am.
We are connected through blood and soul. Is there any more to be said?
AELITA: Heh... I guess not...
One last thing, though...
TAELIA: What is it Aelita, darling?
AELITA: What was her name?\| Your real daughter, I mean.
KETA: Her name was\c[6] Nora.
AELITA: What a nice name.
VIVIAN: ...
Aelita, there's something I must tell you before we run out of time.
Listen closely...
ERIN: Wow...
I'm not sure what I expected, but this is... It's like a children's book.
ERIN: Judging by the poorly drawn "S", I'm willing to believe this is supposed to be Sheridan Village?
Some people just can't let go of their home, I guess.
ERIN: Aelita?
AELITA: Oh! Hello friends! Are you here to play?
ERIN: ...Not particularly.
ERIN: Aelita, there's something we need to talk about.
AELITA: Talk? Why not play?
ERIN: Aelita, I'm going to need you to listen to me carefully.
We're going to need you to come with us.
AELITA: G-Go with you? I...
ERIN: You don't remember it now, but you don't belong here.
People outside are waiting for you to return.
AELITA: But... But I don't want to go.
ERIN: I'm afraid this isn't a choice. We're going to get you out of here.
AELITA: No, I don't want to go! I want to stay here with my mom and dad!
Everything here is perfect so why don't you just GO?
ERIN: Urguh...
ERIN: Don't make me say it, Aelita. You won't want to hear it.
AELITA: Get away from me!
ERIN: You need to wake up, Aelita.
You know more than anyone else here that this world isn't real.
AELITA: It's REAL!
ERIN: It ISN'T, and I'm not going to baby you like everyone else in your life did!
I'm going to drag you out of this dream whether you like it or not!
AELITA:\ts[1] This... Isn't real?
\ts[1]Nothing here is real?
No, it can't be! It can't be real!
AELITA: N-Nooooooooooo!
ERIN: Crap...........
ERIN:\ts[2] Aaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
???: It's been a long time.
VIVIAN: A while for me... Mere moments for the two of you.
ERIN: Somehow I had a feeling we'd see each other in here.
VIVIAN: Absolutely. This is our burden, too.
ERIN: You're referring to Taelia, right?
???: Yes. I'm here too.
ERIN: Oh... You've grown up. I guess you always have been.
So, how do I know the both of you aren't traps sent by Aelita?
TAELIA: Guess we can't prove it. You'll have to take our word for it.
ERIN: That's a bit of a tall order...
VIVIAN: Whether you take it as fact or not, we'll be proceeding.
TAELIA: She's here...\. In our old house.
VIVIAN: We won't be able to directly influence what happens after this point.
But we will try and help in whatever way we can.
ERIN: That would be appreciated.
Ready, \PN? \!Then let's do this.
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Bella.
More info on Code: Bella is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
ERIN: Boy...\| If I get thrown around by that girl <i>one more time...</i>
ERIN: Aelita's world shattered as the truth was made known.
This path... I bet Aelita is guiding us to her.
ERIN: That portal from the real world is here too...
If we ever needed to leave for whatever reason, it seems like we can.
You're familiar with Rift beings, right?
Then you should prepare for what's to come.
I got this!
Maybe after a nap...
[Map476]
MARYBETH: What will you buy? You will buy something, right?
MARYANN: I don't even sell anything... I just get paid to stand here and pretend I do.
BOTH: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
MARYBETH: Oh look, a customer, MaryAnn.
MARYANN: How exciting, MaryBeth.
[Map477]
LAVENDER: Wh-What's the *huff* problem? We *huff* can't stop!
VENAM: L-Listen to me, Lavender. She's not going to stop chasing us.
No matter where we go she'll be right behind us.
I need you to go without me while I buy you time, o-okay?
LAVENDER: Wh-What *huff* are you talking about?!
I'm not going to leave you behind!
VENAM: Goddamnit, I'm not giving you a choice!
It's either she catches us or we die of exhaustion.
So you're going whether you like it or not.
LAVENDER: O-Okay... I'll g-go...
VENAM: Good. I'm going to need you to go get \PN and Melia.
If you can get them, you'll be safe.
Tell them... Tell them that Nim did this.
Promise me that you'll find and tell them that.
And one... one last thing.
I may not get another chance to say this. Tell Melia this for me...?
"Remember, I love you."
LAVENDER: I *cough* I-I will! I'll tell her!
VENAM: Good, then go!
VENAM: I can't believe I'm doing this. I'm so fucking stupid.
I hope you aren't too angry with me, Melia.
???: Where are you? Where are you? How long can you run for?
I'm getting bored and that won't be nice.
Won't you...\| Oh won't you?\| Keep playing?
???:\|\ts[1] There you are.
VENAM: Y-Yeah, that's right. Here I am, you coward!
After everything we went through to save you...
Just why exactly did we bust our ass to save someone who's insane?!
NIM:\ts[1] ...?
You're calling me a coward? Who's the one trembling in fear and stepping away from me?
The only coward here is you, Venam. How does it feel to not be tough anymore?
You always think you're in control when really you have no control.
You selfish girl.\| But being selfish is all you've ever known.
Even now, in this selfless act of sacrifice, you do nothing but bitter my tongue with green taste of greed.
You're not a hero, nor a good person.
???: Buuuuut that's all the time we have for now! Let's say we wrap up this show?!
VENAM: Wh-What?!
???: Did my scary bit scare you? I worked really hard on sounding genuine.
You should've seen the look on your face when I went all grim reaper!
VENAM: Y-You're saying all of this was... Just a prank?
NIM:\ts[2] Hahahahahahahahahaha...
No, I'm still going to kill you.
???: Well, I wouldn't exactly say kill you. It's more like petrification.
You know, I kind of went through the same thing.
Don't worry, you won't feel pain-- In fact, you won't be feeling much at all soon.
Oh, and for the record... I know you all left me on Valor Mountain to die.
So how dare you say "after all we've done for you".
You've all done nothing for me. She showed me, after all.
VENAM: She? Who is "She"?
???: Heh, wouldn't you like to know? I think it would satisfy to leave you in a nice heap of suspense.
Besides, the only person who cared enough to try and save me was \PN.
\PN came to Valor Mountain by themself and tried to save me.
But they failed.
So goodnight, Venam. Have a nice eternity.
VENAM: NIM, DON'T LISTEN TO HER.
Whoever this person is? They're lying to you. You don't know the hell we went through to try and save your life!
???: And stop calling me Nim! That's not my name!
LORNA: My name is Lorna.\| The girl who is \rALONE!
LAVENDER: I wasn't even there, but I could hear and see everything going on.
Even though I ran for as far as I could remember, it's like the hall was never-ending.
I couldn't run away from what was happening to Venam until it was over.
It was like I was in a nightmare.
But... It doesn't end there. Eventually I couldn't run anymore and I collapsed.
[Map478]
My wife and I were taking a nice lovely stroll through the park...
Suddenly this Pokemon appeared and now I'm all the way here!
Darling, hello? Can you hear me? Hello?
You're not from around here... Are you in need of assistance?
Well, if you need help, you should visit our village!
Do you know how to get to Sashila Village? It's south-west from here, but...
I don't recommend going south at the next fork in the road.
That leads to the Ruined City... Bandits have made that place their home.
CACTURNE: Tuurnna!
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
CHILD: Wow! That was really scary... Good thing you're here for me, though!
Alright, let's get back home to mommy and my sister!
CHILD: \ts[1]AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Chase after that Exeggutor!
"^ - Alamissa Urben".
MANDIBUZZ: Mandii!
It looks like Mandibuzz won't budge...
I wouldn't be out here at night. Those cacti aren't the real deal...
That's all I'm going to say.
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
There are some real crooked people just down south of here.
Ever since we've relocated to Sashila Village, they've caused nothing but trouble at our old settlement.
Yes
No
[Map479]
We're trying to investigate the secrets told about this cave, but...
Unfortunately, with all of these rocks and layers of ice in the way, we can't make good progress.
Perhaps there's some way to break up the ice in this cave?
The icy surface is cracked and unstable...
[Map480]
Were you the one who removed all the obstacles?
That's great! Now I can... Do nothing because I don't have the Waterfall HM.
I haven't really thought this through...
[Map481]
A chill fills the air...
[Map482]
The icy surface is cracked and unstable...
[Map483]
LAPRAS: Laaa!!
[Map484]
Add Red Poison?
\PN added Red Poison to the concoction.
There's already Red Poison in this mix.
Inactive terminal.
Sorry, but Venam isn't here to take your challenge at the moment.
You'll have to come back later.
Add Green Poison?
\PN added Green Poison to the concoction.
There's already Green Poison in this mix.
Poison Color Chart:\nRed+Blue=Magenta Red+Yellow=Orange Red+Green=Brown
Blue+Green=Teal\nBlue+Red=Magenta
Blue+Yellow=Green\nTeal+Yellow=Green Teal+Red=Purple
Red, Green, Blue = White
Calculate the poisons?
Calculating...
Poison substance accepted.
Poison substance declined.
Add Blue Poison?
\PN added Blue Poison to the concoction.
There's already Blue Poison in this mix.
AYA: Huh? Wow, you actually came. That's... surprising.
You're serious about this, I'm sure. Fine, let's begin.
I'll be waiting for you at the Gym's arena.
AYA: Wait, \PN!
AYA: I almost forgot to tell you something.
The people down at the Parks and Recreation Center actually replied to us.
Adrienn still finds the response very strange, though.
According to xem, the response sounded like an automated message.
Which, technically, by Gearen City law... That's so not allowed.
What I'm trying to say is that we're planning on going there sometime soon.
When? Dunno, you'll have to come back later and see how things go.
Until then, thanks for everything.
AYA: \PN... Can you please explain to me what's going on?
GOOMINK: Goomink already tell Aya! Goomink here to challenge Leader!
AYA: But... you're not a trainer. You're a Goomy.
GOOMINK: What matter if Goomink no trainer! Better than dumpster outside Gym, no?
AYA: Now that just depends on who you're asking.
\PN, seriously, you're involved in this, right? This is weird, even for you.
GOOMINK: Please allow Goomink! This only way for Goomink to become true Hero!
AYA: ...
Fine, whatever. I'll allow it, but I'll have to make some... accomodations.
GOOMINK: Yayyy! Goomink challenge Leader Aya!
AYA: Just step into this room and wait, I guess.
GOOMINK: Goomink become Hero in no time~!
AYA: Listen, there's no way that runt will be able to win... pretty much anything.
I'll battle him one on one to make it a bit more fair, but I think you should still help him out.
If he wants to become a "Hero", he'll need it.
GOOMINK: But Aya must let Goomink fight! Rooarwh! Goomink mad!
LUCA: Remember me from the Abandoned Sewers?
If you beat me I'll tell you what poison combinations you'll need for this room!
LUCA: All right, I'll tell you the answer!
LUCA: Hm... okay, I'll tell you the answer to this room!
You'll need to mix certain poisons to make a Magenta solution!
Congratulations, \PN! You defeated Venam!
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
For Venam's use only.
Huh? Are you here to challenge the Gym?
I see...
Well, there's a secret somewhere in this Gym, but you'll need to know how to find it.
Just know that it has to do with the final room before the arena.
I heard that there's a second answer to that room.
The first correct concoction you need to produce is\c[6] brown!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
Hey, do you know how this Gym works?
Good luck!
Each room has four tanks of highly corrosive poison.
So corrosive that they create different colors.
Your job is to mix those poisons together and create a new color.
Once you mixed the poisons you think are correct, you'll check by interacting the monitor in the middle.
If you create the correct color, then the way to the next room shall open up.
How do you know which color is the correct one?
Well, the trainers in the Gym may have your answer...
Huh...? Venam?
I believe she said something about heading to the Abandoned Sewers.
Something about a new area being discovered? Not sure what it was really about, honestly.
Perhaps you should head that way yourself?
Why are you bothering me?
Oh, I see... You think I know the correct color combination for this room.
I may know, but I'll only tell you one of them if you beat me!
Darn, well I guess I have to talk now.
All right, you win. The first correct color is Orange!
Quite superb, \PN!
Add Teal Poison?
\PN added Teal Poison to the concoction.
There's already Teal Poison in this mix.
LENNY: Venam is one of my good friends. I won't let her down.
Heh, all right, the second right color is...
LENNY: The second correct color is Green!
LENNY: Guess you defeated Venam after all. Nice job!
GOOMINK: Grooah! Goomink finally make it to East Gearen Gym!
Swimming across sea very tiring, but Goomink become stronger because of it! Win-win for Goomink!
GOOMINK: \PN get here very quickly too! But that because \PN very cool!
Goomink take gym challenge now. \PN should follow ahead!
I'm the last trainer in the entire Gym.
That means I know the entire combination to this room.
That also means that I've been given the job to beat every trainer that walks past here.
I will not lose!
Your skill...It shows a bright color.
Well... I lost!
The correct colors for this room are Orange, White, and Teal.
VENAM: Back for more? That last battle was close, but I won!
Don't worry, I'll give you another shot. Give me everything you got!
VENAM: Welcome to my Gym! Like what you see?
See, I'm usually the first Gym Leader new trainers like you face...
But newer trainers just never know how to deal with my Poison-type Pokemon.
So when you were able to fight off those Trubbish and Garbodor like that, I was very impressed.
???: H-Hey, no need to push! I'm going!
REN: Alright, made it just in time!
MELIA: \PN's taking on the Gym challenge? That's... That's so cool!
Go get em, \PN!
VENAM: Hey! Whose side are you on?!
MELIA: Sorry, Venam, but I love to root for the underdogs!
VENAM: Ah, whatever. Looks like we got an audience.
Hope you don't get performance anxiety! I won't be kind, so you better not be either!
I, Venam, Gym Leader of East Gearen City will end your career before it even starts!
Despite your flaws, you're a pretty good trainer!
MELIA: Woohoo! Go \PN! You were amazing!
VENAM: Aw.... Damnit. I can't believe I lost! Damn it! I've had such a good record this block too...
But man, FINALLY someone knows how to do shit around here!
I'm tired of all the Jessicas and all the Timmys that show up with their prized Skwovet or Patrat.
Only for me to obliterate them without even thinking. Psh.
Anyway, you deserve these!
\PN got the PoisonHeart Badge!
VENAM: I'm tired. I'm heading back home. There was something I was supposed to give you for winning, but...
Sorry, I forgot. Oops.\| Anyway, I'll see you later \PN.
???: ...
Add Yellow Poison?
\PN added Yellow Poison to the concoction.
There's already Yellow Poison in this mix.
Special poison substance accepted.
DING DING DING DING!
Secret Poison substance accepted!
AYA: Shadow Pokemon? Really? This far and you still don't know those things aren't allowed?
Hmph. Maybe people were wrong about you.
AYA: Hm? Back for more? Guess we could do this again one more time.
AYA: You remind me a lot of our Champion. You both have that same determined stare.
Hey, at least you're not like that grasshole I knew once.
If you're good, you're good. Don't be annoying about it.
Huh? Oh, I guess I'm rambling to myself again. That's just how things go.
You better not hold back.\| Because I won't.
This went as expected, but it was fun.
AYA: Ah well. You win some, you lose some. I'm okay with losing now.
I know I've improved. Hardy would be here to encourage me not to give up.
I used to live off that reassurance, but I think I'm okay.
So, um, thanks for all that. You can go now.
GOOMINK: Goomink ready to challenge Leader Aya!
AYA: I'm sure you are. I won't hold back, and stuff.
(What am I doing...?)
Just do your best!
(Kill me.)
Oh thank GOD. We're done now, right?
AYA: Eugh... That's it then, yeah? Here, take your badge.
Goomink got the PoisonHeart Badge!
GOOMINK: Yayy!! Goomink win first battle! Goomink getting strong!
Goomink get one out of eighteen badges!
...Eighteen?\| Graooh...
Goomink make plans outside. Please come with!
AYA: Well. I won I guess. Sorry about that little guy.
GOOMINK: Goomink lose...?\| NO! GOOMINK NO LEAVE UNTIL GOOMINK WIN.
AYA: ...Someone save me...
VENAM: What are you waiting for? Get into position!
Contact Jan?
JAN: ...
Oh, hey \PN!
Looks like you finally made yourself to a panel, huh?
As I've mentioned before, you can use this panel here to contact me when you need help.
So please, don't hesitate to give me a call!
JAN: Ahem...
What would you like to know?
JAN: Venam's Ace is Seviper. A dastardly snake with the power to tear away hopes and dreams.
In higher echelons of battling they're often not much of a threat, but it's quite deadly to newcomers. A pleb stomper, if you will.
Not only does Seviper excel offensively, it has a nasty Glare that will cause you some trouble if you're not prepared.
It also has excellent weakness coverage. Don't be caught off guard!
As for Venam's signature move-- You do know that Gym Leaders carry signature moves, right?
Anyway, it's called Venam's Kiss and comes with the nasty ability to melt straight through Steel types.
There's not many of them on this side of Gearen City though, so it doesn't tend to come up much.
JAN: Venam uses the Corrosive Field. It doesn't do much to power up Poison types directly but some moves can have their effects amplifield twicefold.
In addition to that, non Poison-Type Pokemon are damaged upon switch in. Please be cautious of that.
There are more intricacies involved in fields than those two details.
But if you want an in-depth analysis of what the field does, please take a look at the Field Effect Manual in the game folder.
...Why are you looking at me like that? Did I say something weird?
JAN: Psychic Pokemon are invaluable to you here.
If you have one of those, you're pretty much set for the entire fight.
I think they're giving away Spoink at the Casino, yeah?
Speaking of the Casino, I hear there are extremely useful items you can pick up there if you have enough AP.
Technically that suggestion's not specific to Venam, but I'm sure it'll be helpful to you anyway.
JAN: Good luck out there, \PN. You got this.
The kiosk is offline.
Yes
No
Venam's Ace | Sig Move
Corrosive Field
Suggestions
Nothing
[Map485]
The icy surface is cracked and unstable...
[Map486]
[Map487]
GOOMINK: Goomink ready to challenge Leader Aya!
AYA: I'm sure you are. I won't hold back, and stuff.
(What am I doing...?)
Just do your best!
(Kill me.)
Oh thank GOD. We're done now, right?
AYA: Eugh... That's it then, yeah? Here, take your badge.
Goomink got the PoisonHeart Badge!
GOOMINK: Yayy!! Goomink win first battle! Goomink getting strong!
Goomink get one out of eighteen badges!
...Eighteen?\| Graooh...
Goomink make plans outside. Please come with!
AYA: Well. I won I guess. Sorry about that little guy.
GOOMINK: Goomink lose...?\| NO! GOOMINK NO LEAVE UNTIL GOOMINK WIN.
AYA: ...Someone save me...
VENAM: What are you waiting for? Get into position!
VENAM: \PN, you should know better. Shadow Pokemon aren't allowed!
VENAM: \PN bring everything you got this time. I won't hold back!
VENAM: What is up with Team Xen just attacking Gearen City like this?
I was able to fend off quite a bit. Should've seen them run.
But enough talk. I'm a Gym Leader, and even though the stakes are high...
I won't hold back! Not one bit! So bring your best!
Despite your flaws, you're a pretty good trainer!
VENAM: Dammit, I thought I had this one.
Whatever, this was the best outcome anyway.
\PN got the PoisonHeart Badge!
VENAM: Okay, you know how to get to Route 2, right?
Just take the train at the station south east from here.
As for Rock Smash, I called my friend Karrina to come to the Gym and deliver it to you.
But I have to ask... Do you even care about what's going on?
I mean, you just got here like a day or two ago.
I'm not gonna bug you about it, but it's just something I've been thinking about.
You don't have to come help if you don't want to, but I guess we'd appreciate the help.
???: ...
AYA: Shadow Pokemon? Really? This far and you still don't know those things aren't allowed?
Hmph. Maybe people were wrong about you.
AYA: Hm? Back for more? Guess we could do this again one more time.
AYA: You remind me a lot of our Champion. You both have that same determined stare.
Hey, at least you're not like that grasshole I knew once.
If you're good, you're good. Don't be annoying about it.
Huh? Oh, I guess I'm rambling to myself again. That's just how things go.
You better not hold back.\| Because I won't.
This went as expected, but it was fun.
AYA: Ah well. You win some, you lose some. I'm okay with losing now.
I know I've improved. Hardy would be here to encourage me not to give up.
I used to live off that reassurance, but I think I'm okay.
So, um, thanks for all that. You can go now.
AYA: \PN... Can you please explain to me what's going on?
GOOMINK: Goomink already tell Aya! Goomink here to challenge Leader!
AYA: But... you're not a trainer. You're a Goomy.
GOOMINK: What matter if Goomink no trainer! Better than dumpster outside Gym, no?
AYA: Now that just depends on who you're asking.
\PN, seriously, you're involved in this, right? This is weird, even for you.
GOOMINK: Please allow Goomink! This only way for Goomink to become true Hero!
AYA: ...
Fine, whatever. I'll allow it, but I'll have to make some... accomodations.
GOOMINK: Yayyy! Goomink challenge Leader Aya!
AYA: Just step into this room and wait, I guess.
GOOMINK: Goomink become Hero in no time~!
AYA: Listen, there's no way that runt will be able to win... pretty much anything.
I'll battle him one on one to make it a bit more fair, but I think you should still help him out.
If he wants to become a "Hero", he'll need it.
For Venam's use only.
GOOMINK: But Aya must let Goomink fight! Rooarwh! Goomink mad!
AYA: Huh? Wow, you actually came. That's... surprising.
You're serious about this, I'm sure. Fine, let's begin.
I'll be waiting for you at the Gym's arena.
AYA: Wait, \PN!
AYA: I almost forgot to tell you something.
The people down at the Parks and Recreation Center actually replied to us.
Adrienn still finds the response very strange, though.
According to xem, the response sounded like an automated message.
Which, technically, by Gearen City law... That's so not allowed.
What I'm trying to say is that we're planning on going there sometime soon.
When? Dunno, you'll have to come back later and see how things go.
Until then, thanks for everything.
[Map488]
???: Welcome, please come forward.
???: Ah... So you've made it to this place. I must say, I'm surprised by this.
KETA?: For you to be here means that you have a pure heart.
Astounding... It looks like Taelia was right after all...
KETA?: Right, I suppose this would be a confusing situation for anyone.
We are Keta, or rather, a piece of him.
We are a part of Keta's soul that he has severed.
Our emotions, our humanity...\| I am the manifestation of them.
However, although he has sealed me away, it is clear that my influence has not left him.
That is because although we are separate, we are still one and the same.
It is not possible to remove your humanity. It will always find a way. \|
KETA: We suffered a great loss years ago, and because of that...
We suffered a massive amount of mental, physical, and emotional pain.
We wanted to be separate ourselves from that pain,\c[6] and from the help of a friend...
Our humanity has been lost.
Even though he threw me away, I did not disappear.
I could be disconnected, but not destroyed. As a result, I was banished to this land.
KETA: When Keta split us apart, I did not disappear.
KETA: We never truly figured out. Taelia knew, but...
She was gone before she could explain to us.
But like I mentioned previously, we are connected even still.
Therefore, I know why you're here.
KETA: Please, take it.
KETA: ...
There is much I want to say, but I feel... faint.
I suppose there's only so much I can do in this realm.
\PN... I wish you good luck. Show us your pure heart.
Bring Keta his humanity back.
KETA: \PN... You have returned! My friends long for another battle.
Please, accept my challenge.
KETA: Excellent. For this battle... I believe I will call upon the energy of my old friends.
Companions that have been taken from me long ago...
Wherever they are... Their strength is mine!
KETA: Very well, but I'd ask to please reconsider.
I may have something you want.
KETA: \PN... It's been some time since you've last visited me.
Although I was invisible to your eyes, I was with you every step of the way.
But this is fine. This is the outcome the both of us prepared for long ago.
Now that Keta is gone, I can no longer exist within this realm.
I suspect I shall disappear soon, but before I do... Please do me one last favor.
That battle you had with my other half... It was a pleasant sight. I wish to experience that.
You have shown me your fullest potential.
KETA: Ahaha... Yes, that was wonderful. You have bested me not only once, but twice.
I can feel the pure essence of my soul finally depleting.
Before you go, I must give you something.
\PN received the Diamond Punch badge!
KETA: Some time ago, I think shortly before your battle with me the first time...
My other half came here for the first time in ages and left me with a box.
This box contained a badge and a TM.
It seems my other half knew we would lose to you and wanted to leave a parting gift.
KETA: For now, it would be wise to return to the inn and rest.
\PN... You have the power to defeat Team Xen. I know you do.
I leave everything in the hands of you and the next generation.
Farewell.
A statue appeared on this pedestal!
What could it mean...?
Why did he separate?
Why are you here?
What is this place?
Let's do this!
Hold on...
[Map489]
Five badges have been detected... Opening door momentarily.
The panel beneath your feet glows for a moment, but its light quickly diminishes...
Have you heard of the Wispy Treasures? I heard that they're hiding behind the numbered doors...
I heard that the door with the 9 won't open unless all the other doors have been opened.
I tried opening the #9 door earlier but it wouldn't budge, what gives?
This place doubles as an echo chamber for my amazing vocals. Care to hear?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Really? Seriously? I lost? For real? AAAAAAAAAAH!
???:\ts[1] Aw, you're leaving...?
Why not stay here and play with us? \ts[1]Forever and ever and ever and ever...
L-Leave then...!
Guraghh!!
BANETTE:\ts[1] Leave... Leave and never return... Or do so anyway... We don't care...
BANETTE: Kraaa, Kraaa!
SCRAFTY: Scraa!!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
A door opened up nearby!
Four badges have been detected... Opening door momentarily.
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
SHUPPET: Shoopo!
[Map490]
It's a mineable rock.
Do you want to mine the rock?
The rock seems to hard to break.
The rock has lost all of its luster.
Oh no you don't! I'm here to make your job as hard as possible!
Just leave me alone!
...
How could we lose?!
It sounds like the boulder crashed into something below...
What is a child like you doing in such a cold place like this?
The cool temperatures help my computer's heat issues!
What? I thought we were supposed to win?
I don't like the sun, so I don't like being outside.
Um, I came here on a school trip with my friends, but it looks like they forgot all about me...
How do I get home now? We took a ferry to this island!
I'm going to freeze!
Man... What am I even doing here again?
What was that rare Pokemon again...?
Oh, that's right... I was looking for a rare Pokemon!
Yes
No
[Map491]
[Map492]
AELITA: Hey... you felt that tremor, right? What was that all about?
I don't know... I really have a bad feeling about all of this...
But we shouldn't worry about that right now.
This is the final stretch, I know it!
AELITA: That's the second time! This place isn't going to collapse on top of us, right?
AELITA: This one looks really tough...
I think you should get the Golden Apple last.
If you put the apple first, then you'll put yourself in a tough space because it \c[6]cannot be moved afterwards.
You should also look into moving that Zorua statue.
But that doesn't mean you have to place it correctly immediately.
As for anything else... I don't know. You'll just have to try and try again!
AELITA: Nicely done! I'll check this room once more.
I'll search this room in case there's something we missed!
[Map493]
[Map494]
ANABEL: The reading coming from our radar is across this pit...
\sh\c[7]LOOKER:  un disastro!
There's no way we can get to the reading as we are currently!
\PN, we must do our best to make sure we can cross over this pit!.
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
FLORIN: You two... You're Bladestar grunts!
GRUNT: Correct, and you two aren't supposed to be here!
GRUNT: We saw you looking through our database.
What did you learn? Did it strike your fancy?
It's too bad you won't remember any of these in a few moments!
Bladestar.exe has stopped working...
I wish I wouldn't remember this is in a few moments...
GRUNT: We screwed up royally!
GRUNT: Uh, yeah, we did. So uh... we're going to leave now!
FLORIN: It seems as though my suspicions were correct. This is indeed a Bladestar facility.
Come, we shouldn't keep the others waiting.
If they came after us, surely they know the others are here as well.
Yes
No
[Map495]
ERIN: Oh wow, color me surprised. Flora and Florin are nowhere to be found.
That's typical... A little too typical, though.
Is it possible that they're still in the other dimension waiting for us?
Or did we all travel to this one when the mirror was used?
Regardless, there's no way I'm standing around to find out.
Let's try to find another way to cross dimensions and get out of here.
ERIN: Huh?
Flora and Florin aren't here anymore. Is it possible that they were left behind in the other dimension?
Or maybe a bridge appeared when the dimensions were switched before and they just crossed it?
In that case, they're both super impatient.
FLORA: Sigh... It looks like they took off without us.
It should be important to mention that everyone present in the cave is brought with us when we switch dimensions.
That means that Florin and Erin took off the moment they saw the bridge when the dimensions switched over.
I wonder if Erin took off the moment an opportunity came up.
I can already see Florin chasing after her. "Wait, Erin, we have to wait for Flora and \PN!".
Whatever, it's not that big of a deal.
Let's find a crystal to switch dimensions with and continue.
Unless they were left behind? I don't think that's likely, though.
It would be pretty rad if that were the case, but life's just not that kind.
Let's try switching dimensions again to see if a bridge appears!
FLORIN: ...
Looks like they were both eager to ditch us...
Flora wouldn't leave me here alone, though. No matter what, she would make sure I was safe...
So maybe if we continue, we'll run into them eventually?
If we use the Darchlight Mirror, we could switch dimensions again.
FLORIN: They left us? We weren't taking that long, were we?
Flora wouldn't just leave me here by myself, though... Maybe something happened?
Well, whatever the reason, we shouldn't just stand around.
You better stop or I'll hit you with my lawn mower or something!
I forgot my lawn mower at home!
My lawn mower!
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
What are you, a painting?
Same picture different meanings?!
It can't be...
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
Yes
No
[Map496]
End of the line!
End of the battle!
End of my life...
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
It's a mysterious rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
The rock seems to hard to break.
The rock has lost all of its luster.
Oh? Look at what I found here! Time to play!
Our reports stated that you were weak. Why were our reports wrong?
Could it be that this was not the first erroneous report we've gotten?
Why do you want to interfere with our plans?!
You don't know what you're doing!
We'll ruin you!
I joined this team because of their health care benefits.
Seriously, this is good stuff!
Hm, what's the health care benefit for a trainer?
You're a tricky one, aren't you?
I'm hungry.
You're a clever one.
To protect the city from further corruption!
To proceed with our plans without interruption!
Bladestar will rise to the sky!
Fine, but make it quick!
Owie, that hurt!
Next time.
Yes
No
[Map497]
Today's my first day on the job! I'm so excited!
Oops. I screwed that one up, huh?
If I get fired I'm going to be super disappointed.
Um... What am I doing here?
This isn't a job for plumbing?
Wait... I think I may have signed up for the wrong thing...
You feel yourself lulling to sleep...
Give in?
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
Yes
No
[Map498]
FLORA: It looks like the cave expands across this pit, but...
How are we going to get over there from here?
FLORIN: Maybe we should look around a bit more?
FLORA: Alright, I'll do what no one else wants to and do some recon.
\PN, you're coming with me, and that's an order.
\PN, since we already teamed up once, you're welcome to join me.
Or not. Just do you, I guess.
FLORA: Alright, I'll do what no one else wants to and-
FLORIN: Don't worry, \PN and I will take care of things here.
FLORA: H-Huh? I mean, it's no big deal. I can take care of it myself.
FLORIN: That's fine. I think \PN and I can handle this. You just sit here and wait.
FLORA: I...
FLORIN: Let's go, \PN.
FLORA: Mrgrrgrgr...
FLORIN: Don't worry, Flora. \PN and I have got this!
FLORA: What?
FLORIN: If I continue to investigate these caves, I'm sure we can find more about Bladestar.
I'm not gonna pass up this opportunity!
FLORA: I... Florin, get back here!
ERIN: How about you leave recon work to me and \PN, Flora?
ERIN: Oh, but if it's no big deal then I guess it's fine if we did it instead then, yeah?
FLORA: That's not exactly what I meant, but fine if you're soooo insistent.
ERIN: C'mon, \PN. Let's go take a look around.
FLORA: Mrgrrgrgr... Stupid little...
ERIN: I'll take care of it, thanks.
\PN, you can join me if you want.
FLORA: Well, okay then! Fine, just do what you want! It's all good!
No, it's fine. It's alright. It's good! It's cool! FINE, COOL.
FLORA: If you're going to look around, then do it already.
Just hurry up.
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
FLORIN: You two hurry up, okay? I don't want us to be split up for too long.
ERIN: Oh wow, color me surprised. Flora and Florin are nowhere to be found.
That's typical... A little too typical, though.
Is it possible that they're still in the other dimension waiting for us?
Or did we all travel to this one when the mirror was used?
Regardless, there's no way I'm standing around to find out.
Let's try to find another way to cross dimensions and get out of here.
ERIN: Huh?
Flora and Florin aren't here anymore. Is it possible that they were left behind in the other dimension?
Or maybe a bridge appeared when the dimensions were switched before and they just crossed it?
In that case, they're both super impatient.
FLORA: Sigh... It looks like they took off without us.
It should be important to mention that everyone present in the cave is brought with us when we switch dimensions.
That means that Florin and Erin took off the moment they saw the bridge when the dimensions switched over.
I wonder if Erin took off the moment an opportunity came up.
I can already see Florin chasing after her. "Wait, Erin, we have to wait for Flora and \PN!".
Whatever, it's not that big of a deal.
Let's find a crystal to switch dimensions with and continue.
Unless they were left behind? I don't think that's likely, though.
It would be pretty rad if that were the case, but life's just not that kind.
Let's try switching dimensions again to see if a bridge appears!
FLORIN: ...
Looks like they were both eager to ditch us...
Flora wouldn't leave me here alone, though. No matter what, she would make sure I was safe...
So maybe if we continue, we'll run into them eventually?
If we use the Darchlight Mirror, we could switch dimensions again.
FLORIN: They left us? We weren't taking that long, were we?
Flora wouldn't just leave me here by myself, though... Maybe something happened?
Well, whatever the reason, we shouldn't just stand around.
ERIN: Weren't you and Florin supposed to go look around?
ERIN: Weren't you and Flora supposed to go look around?
If you don't hurry up, I'm going to look around myself.
Yes
No
[Map499]
Press the red switch?
Bladestar Notes #3!
"Blue should be the 2nd button pressed. Green should be the 3rd."
There's something noted here...
"Last numbers, 758..."
ERIN: So that's the Darchlight Mirror, huh? Give it here for a moment.
So, the conditions for this thing to work... Let me think about this for a second.
If I remember correctly, the mirror isn't to be looked into-- Well, I mean, you can.
But you needed to reflect light into it.
Pure white or black light, to be exact.
You think those glowing gems would work?
They're the only thing here that fits the bill of pure white or black light.
It doesn't hurt to try?
Erin faced the Darchlight Mirror towards the glowing crystals.
ERIN: ...
Well, it was worth a shot-
FLORA: Hey, you actually made the damn thing...
Lemme see that real quick.
Wow, it's in pretty good condition too. I'm impressed, \PN.
Perhaps not all my grunts are incompetent morons with nowhere else to go.
Good, very good.
Now, actually using this thing is pretty simple.
The mirror only reacts when it comes into contact with pure white or black light.
And these crystals are a prime source of both light sources.
It's pretty simple. Have the mirror face the gem and voila.
Flora faced the Darchlight Mirror towards the glowing crystals.
FLORA: Hm... We have this Darchlight Mirror, but what do we do with it?
Looking into this thing doesn't seem to do anything.
But if this thing is tucked away to make something like this, it's gotta be for a good reason, yeah?
Actually, let's try something... You know how you can reflect light with mirrors?
What if we do that with this thing?
Oh, and these gems are absolutely perfect for trying this out!
They seem to emit a pure white and black light... At the same time?
Now isn't that just curious...
Well, let's try it out, shall we?
FLORIN: So that's a Darchlight Mirror, huh? What's the point of this thing?
Is it really to jump between dimensions?
Looking directly into the glass doesn't seem to do anything special...
If Flora was here, she'd just go on about how obvious the answer is.
And she's right, the answer was always right in my face... I could only see it-
Reflected off... others.
Reflected.
And I bet those crystals are there just to help us out with that...
FLORIN: Huh, so this is a Darchlight Mirror? Looks kind of expensive.
And considering the amount of work that was put in to actually craft this thing, I'm sure it is.
Looking into it doesn't seem to do much, though. Just acts like a regular old mirror.
But what would happen if we reflected light?
You think those gems are bright enough for this to work?
Let's try it anyway.
Bladestar Notes #4!
"After the 5th button is pressed, the black ore should be taken out of the furnace."
Press the blue switch?
Bladestar Notes #7!
"Red should be the 1st button pressed."
Bladestar Notes #1!
"Gold should be the final button pressed!"
FLORA: Y-You're absolutely joking, right?! My grunts aren't THIS bad, are they?!
After we get out of here I swear to god, I am going TO FUCKIN-
Calm down, Flora. You are a leaf. A leaf flowing down the stream.
A nice and gentle leaf that's flowing peacefully.
Everything is perfect. The sky is blue. The Pidgeys are chirping.
And after all this, you're going to get a tall chai latte, extra milk, no sugar...
Yeah....
FLORA: Well, that's un-unfortunate...
I'm sure it's not a big deal........................ We just have to, you know.....................
Look around and stuff......
FLORIN: Huh... That just happened.
Doesn't matter... We'll find another way out.
Erin and Flora will just have to be patient with us.
FLORIN: Oh no! The bridge disappeared...
Erin and Flora must've noticed a change as well... I hope they're okay.
We're just going to have to figure things out on our end.
ERIN: So it seems this cave is capable of changing its form at any given moment.
Well, that's what I can only assume given the information I have.
I've heard of a mountain in Terajuma that has a similar effect.
But you need to activate a crystal for that to happen.
So a couple things could've happened here.
Someone else in this cave somehow triggered this cave to change.
Or the cave changed on its own for no reason at all.
If the latter is the case, then we don't have to worry.
But let's be real... Things are never that easy, are they?
If this is Flora and Florin's way of trapping us here, then we're going to have to find some way out ourselves.
Which means we have work to do. Let's get to it.
Whatever, I'm sure we'll find something we can use around here to escape.
Bladestar Notes #8!
"After pressing the last button, take the Black Shard and place it into the machine and press the small red button."
There's something scribbled underneath...
"WARNING - NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH THE SAND RED BUTTON. I MADE THIS MISTAKE ONCE"
FLORIN: I think the first thing we have to do is activate the machine.
There's a monitor near the machine, but it requires an input code.
But I know my sister... She's not good with numbers.
At least, to my knowledge... For all I know, that could've been another lie.
Either way, I bet the pass code's written down somewhere in this room.
Of course, we don't know this code, but maybe it's documented somewhere?
There are a lot of notes scattered around, too.
Let's take a look around and see what we can find!
FLORIN: Let's take a look around and see what we can find!
FLORIN: Whoa... activating the machine opened up this furnace!
You can seriously feel the heat blasting out of this thing.
Hey, \PN... You should look for notes in places you don't expect them to be.
Expect the unexpected... But I suppose if you expect the unexpected, the unexpected just becomes expected.
Either way, leaving no stone unturned will be the key to our escape!
FLORA: Huh? Are you already lost? Sheesh, and I thought you were supposed to be resourceful...
Okay, well, obviously you've got to start off by activating the machine.
It activates via number input on the monitor just next to the furnace.
Once inputted, the furnace I mentioned before will open, and then the process will begin.
But this place has been abandoned for a very long time.
Truthfully, I don't even remember the pass code that was placed.
But my grunts were never good with numbers, so they probably have it written down somewhere.
Might as well have all of our secrets plastered on a billboard too, right?
FLORA: Um, is there a problem or something?
Ugh, fine... I think we have to activate this machine first, yeah?
After that's done, the process should begin.
Ah, but the machine won't activate unless you input some number.
I bet that number's written somewhere around here. So just look for it.
Might as well have all of our secrets plastered of a billboard too, right?
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
Press the green switch?
Bladestar Notes #2!
"The 4th and 5th buttons pressed should both be red."
Bladestar Notes #5!
"Blue should be hit after taking the ore out of the furnace. This is the 6th button hit."
Bladestar Notes #6!
"The purple button should be pressed 7th."
FLORA: Okay, lemme cut to the chase and explain what's goin' on around here.
Darchlight Cave has a little secret...
A secret I've abused to keep hidden away from the common eye.
Through the course of our exploration, we've actually been in two places at once.
It is only possible to get through this cave if you have the power to \c[6]hop through dimensions.
The dark matter that acts as bridges in our world only exist depending on which dimension you're in.
So, to control that, we created a device called the Darchlight Mirror.
This mirror allows us to go through the different dimensions as long as the pre- requisite conditions are met.
We'll talk about those conditions once you've successfully created one.
Yes, you heard me. I want you to create a Darchlight Mirror with this machine.
Now that you are a part of Bladestar, it is imperative that you know how to create these yourself.
There are notes and books laying around with instructions on how to make one with this machine.
But as you know, my grunts are quite incapable of even breathing properly, so it might not be so easy.
FLORA: Hm... So I've been looking around and apparently this machine is for creating something called...
A Darchlight Mirror?
Well, we've got nothing else to do back here, so it doesn't hurt to try making one of these, right?
So uh, why don't you go do that? I'll see if I can uh, find something else to...
Sigh, I'm really bad at making excuses. Just build the damn mirror, okay?
FLORIN: Looks like there are notices around for something called... a Darchlight Mirror?
It talks about the Darchlight Mirror being able to switch the user's dimensions-
Oh come on, this can't be true! Things like this are just fictional.
You know, things you see in video games or cartoons?
Things like switching dimensions and all can't be true... can it?
Well, we're trapped here, and that's just a fact.
I think our best bet would be to just build this thing.
So um, let's see if we can do that.
FLORIN: Huh, it looks like this machine is for building something called a Darchlight Mirror.
Hah... Come on, this can't be for real...
But I suppose we don't really have any other option, do we?
Heck, maybe this mirror could actually help us escape from this place.
Let's get to it then!
ERIN: ...Interesting, it looks like this machine is capable of creating Darchlight Mirrors.
I've read about these things in a book once. They're said to take you to different dimensions depending on certain criteria.
But I always thought it was just some type of mythos jargon that no one really pays too much attention to.
You know, those TV shows about everything being an ancient alien artifact?
And that humans are just test subjects put here as some sort of experiment?
Anyway, if this thing can actually create a Darchlight Mirror, then we might be able to escape for sure.
And hey, we're trapped here without any sort of way out, so this comes in handy.
ERIN: What?
Oh is it because I said I was trapped?
Well, I'm only human. I can't escape the bindings of fate.
I only said all that stuff because I could with a straight face.
Even a lie becomes the truth if you say it enough.
Plus, saying mean shit to Flora is all in a day's work.
She deserves it after she trapped us back here... At least, I think she did.
Or perhaps her incompetent grunts failed her and activated something too early.
Whatever, the possibilities are endless.
Now let's get to work. I'm not just going to stand around here while you do all the fun stuff.
An intense heat emanates from the furnace...
Place the Black Shard Ore into the furnace?
\PN placed the ore into the furnace.
Take out the Black Shard Ore?
Press the purple switch?
"How to craft a Darchlight Mirror".
Read?
"Darchlight Mirrors must be crafted in a specific, yet tedious order.
And by specific, I mean <i>specific</i>, so listen up.
Before we even start the process of making the glass...
It is IMPERATIVE that you start by smelting the Black Shard Ore.
If this is done at any other point during the process,\c[6] the entire thing will fail.
After that's done, we're going to go into creating the glass for the mirror.
The glass is constructed with different types of sand. They're coded by color.
Remember when I said the process was specific? Yeah, this is where things get SPICY!
Beneath each color is a button. Pressing this button will dispense sand of this color.
You're going to have to press the buttons in a certain order to create the perfect concoction of-"
The rest seems to be torn out...
"First numbers, 4589..."
ERIN: First thing's first. We're going to have to turn on the machine. Basic thing, yeah?
Sorry, but it's not that simple. Yet, anyway. Flora seems to have thought this one through.
Yeah, no. Looks like Bladestar really thought ahead with this one.
There's no on or off switch, but a pass code. So unless we know that pass code...
We're royally screwed.
But there are notes placed around the room, right?
How much do you wanna bet Flora's lackeys struggle with numbers?
How much do you wanna bet that those grunts couldn't remember a simple number if they tried?
I'm almost positive we can find the pass code if we inspect those notes, or even the books around here.
Look, I already found something that could possibly be used as one.
758... That can't be it, right? I'm sure there's more to this.
There's an input device by the end of the machine.
If you check that, it'll ask for the code. Which means it'll tell us how many digits there are.
ERIN: 758... That can't be it, right? I'm sure there's more to this.
ERIN: Looks like activating the machine opened something... A furnace, perhaps?
Looks like it's pretty important to the process, so I would keep that in mind.
Hey... Remember when I said it was crucial to literally search every nook and cranny while investigating?
That's the case for this too... You should search places you wouldn't expect there to be something.
Because that's just where there's actually going to be something. Got it?
Press the gold switch?
WAITING FOR PASSWORD INPUT.
Reset the machine?
The machine has been reset.
Bladestar Note #???!
"If you think you've made a mistake, the machine can be reset by interacting with the monitor!"
This machine seems to have a slot for something...
Place the Black Shard into the machine?
The components crumbled while in the machine...
Something must've been done incorrectly.
\PN gathered some Black Shard Ore!
You already have Black Shard Ore on you!
Yes
No
[Map500]
Press the green switch?
Press the purple switch?
Bladestar Note #5!
"The 12th button pressed should be green."
FLORA: Sigh, so it seems my grunts are not only weak, but completely stupid too.
Which means I'm not going to rely on their help from this point forward.
That's where this room comes in. I'll explain more later. Let's cross.
FLORA: Looks like there's another bridge over here. Let's see what's across it?
FLORIN: I took the opportunity to investigate things for myself because...
Well, Flora acted a little too eager to go "investigate".
The Flora I know would take any opportunity to do nothing.
So now here we are.
Let's cross this bridge and see just what she tried to hide from me again.
FLORIN: Alright, let's get cookin'. What is behind door number one?
ERIN: There's no way in hell I'd let Flora just waltz around by herself.
For all we know she could just take off through some hidden passageway.
ERIN: Though that's pretty unlikely given the fact that she'd leave her brother behind.
And as much as a loser she is, I don't think she's so much one that she'd abandon her own family.
So we gotta take control of the situation and make sure we find things before she does.
I mean, it's only fair, right?
ERIN: ...
What? What is it? Why are you looking at me like that?
Well, if it's because I purposefully cut Flora off so that I could take up the job of looking around...
I'm not sorry. Not sorry at all.
I've never really cared about Bladestar before now, so I haven't really been up to date on what they've done.
But since I'm involved now, it's only smart to make myself less ignorant.
Let's take a look around, 'kay?
\PN gathered some Black Shard Ore!
You already have Black Shard Ore on you!
ERIN: Hah, bullseye.
Flora's tricks won't work on us that easily.
Seeing as you're the only I can trust here, I'm going to go ahead and ask that we work together for a bit longer.
Bladestar really needs to learn how to hide their things more effectively.
Let's go back and meet up with Flora and Florin. I'm sure they're dying to reunite with us.
FLORA: See, it's easy? Here, you can have the mirror back.
I already have plenty of these things myself.
So, lackey, we're going to get out of here together, got it?
Let's get out of here.
FLORA: Hah! I was right! Just like always. Anyways, let's get out of here.
I'm sure Erin and my brother are so excited to see us again.
FLORIN: Yeah... That seems to have worked. I knew it.
C'mon, let's go. I have some choice words for my sister.
FLORIN: That worked marvelously!
Let's reunite with Erin and Flora! They must be worried sick!
Press the gold switch?
This machine seems to have a slot for something...
Place the Black Shard into the machine?
The components crumbled while in the machine...
Something must've been done incorrectly.
Bladestar Note #???!
"If you think you've made a mistake, the machine can be reset by interacting with the monitor!"
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
Press the red switch?
An intense heat emanates from the furnace...
Place the Black Shard Ore into the furnace?
\PN placed the ore into the furnace.
Take out the Black Shard Ore?
"How to craft a Darchlight Mirror".
Read?
"Darchlight Mirrors must be crafted in a specific, yet tedious order.
And by specific, I mean <i>specific</i>, so listen up.
Before we even start the process of making the glass...
it is IMPERATIVE that you start by smelting the Black Shard Ore.
If this is done at any other point during the process,\c[6] the entire thing will fail.
After that's done, we're going to go into creating the glass for the mirror.
The glass is constructed with different types of sand. They're coded by color.
Remember when I said the process was specific? Yeah, this is where things get SPICY!
Beneath each color is a button. Pressing this button will dispense sand of this color.
You're going to have to press the buttons in a certain order to create the perfect concoction of-"
The rest seems to be torn out...
Press the blue switch?
WAITING FOR PASSWORD INPUT.
Reset the machine?
The machine has been reset.
Bladestar Notes #2!
"Red should be the 1st button pressed."
nEEP
Yes
No
[Map501]
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
Please don't hurt me!
WeeWOWOEOWO!!
AuuuUUGHHH!!
Yes
No
[Map502]
You feel yourself lulling to sleep...
Give in?
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
Don't do anything stupid!
I'm the last person here...
I guess that means we all failed? I thought there was one more guy?
Yes
No
[Map503]
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
FLORA: Can you wait up for just a moment? There's no need to rush.
FLORA: Hold on a moment.
FLORA: That lift I mentioned before is just up ahead.
We can use that to get above ground, finally.
FLORA: Looks like there's a lift over there. Let's use that to get above ground.
FLORIN: Hold up, \PN.
FLORIN: W-Wait for me!
FLORIN: Looks like we've come across a lift...
This has to be the way out. It has to be.
C'mon, let's get out of here!
ERIN: Hey, wait up \PN.
ERIN: Wait.
ERIN: Huh, looks like there's a lift here...
This definitely has to be the way out. There's no where else we can go.
If this thing doesn't work, well, we're so screwed.
Enter the lift?
Yes
No
[Map504]
Enter the lift?
FLORA: Can you wait up for just a moment? There's no need to rush.
FLORA: Hold on a moment.
FLORA: That lift I mentioned before is just up ahead.
We can use that to get above ground, finally.
FLORA: Looks like there's a lift over there. Let's use that to get above ground.
FLORIN: Hold up, \PN.
FLORIN: W-Wait for me!
FLORIN: Looks like we've come across a lift...
This has to be the way out. It has to be.
C'mon, let's get out of here!
ERIN: Hey, wait up \PN.
ERIN: Wait.
ERIN: Huh, looks like there's a lift here...
This definitely has to be the way out. There's no where else we can go.
If this thing doesn't work, well, we're so screwed.
Yes
No
[Map505]
ANABEL: Well, here we are.
LOOKER: What is our radar saying about the reading?
ANABEL: Looks like it's below us. Far below us.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's at \c[6]the bottom of this cave.
LOOKER: Then we shall head down into the cave!
LOOKER: Chief, let's make sure we don't push ourselves.
Reflect light off the Darchlight Mirror?
This gem is brimming with light!
FLORA: Right, well, that wasn't as bad as it seemed, hm?
The exit is just across this room. So there's no reason to worry.
Now, there's a few things we have to discuss before leaving this cave.
Come,\| walk with me.
FLORA: That wasn't so bad now was it? Just a bit of spelunking never hurt anyone!
There was no sign of Erin or my brother, so I'm just going to hope they're waiting outside for us.
FLORA: What the hell...?
???:\ts[1] Not so fast! You're not getting out of here alive!
FLORA: ...Ugh, are you serious? This isn't required, grunt.
You can back off, yeah?
GRUNT: Sorry, but I have no idea who you are at all.
I was specifically instructed to capture anyone who isn't part of Bladestar in this cave!
FLORA: An order that was issued out by ME.
Now stand down or I'll have you-
GRUNT: Enough talk! Let us battle!
FLORA: ...My grunts really are stupid.
Sorry, \PN, but I'm gonna need you to battle with me one more time.
FLORA: Wh-What's going on here?
GRUNT: It is I, the Spelunker Grunt!
I have been given the task of taking down anyone I find in this cave!
Well, as long as they're not part of Bladestar, but details...
FLORA: Looks like we have one more creep to get rid of... Let's go \PN!
T-This can't be!
GRUNT: Well crud. That didn't work out the way I wanted it to...
I'm done for now, but you'd best know that we'll be back!
Until then, Bladestar out!
FLORA: Okay, someone is getting fired.
Someone is getting SO fired.
But that will have to wait until things settle down a bit.
Thank you for your help, \PN.
You have been a very competent side-kick in all of this.
Let's get out of here.
FLORA: Well that was something.
You did well there. You're not an ordinary trainer, are you?
Let's leave, I'm done with this dark cave anyway.
FLORIN: Have we finally reached the end of this insufferable cave?
I don't know what's going to happen once I do, but I'm going to confront Flora.
...I don't think she'll try anything, but I can't know for certain.
So please, walk with me \PN.
FLORIN: Huh? We're at the end already? Nice!
That wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be.
I haven't seen Erin or Flora anywhere, though...
Do you think they're both okay?
FLORIN: Whoa, what in the world is going on?
FLORIN: Oh good... Now we have to deal with this hunk of metal.
You're part of Bladestar, correct? Just leave us alone!
GRUNT: Goodness, you're just too observant for me...
So sorry, but that's just how the cookie crumbles sometimes, champ.
FLORIN: Is that so? Let's see you actually try!
GRUNT: Enough pointless banter! Let the battle begin!
\PN, battle with me one last time!
FLORIN: This must be another one of Bladestar's attempts to capture us...
FLORIN: I'd like to see you actually try! C'mon, \PN. Let's take care of them one last time!
FLORIN: Flora's trying so hard to get us captured.
I wonder if... I wonder if she kidnapped Erin or something.
That would explain her sudden...
We have to get out of this cave, \PN. Let's go.
FLORIN: Bladestar has nothing on us. We make a pretty good team, \PN.
Let's go find Flora and Erin!
ERIN: It looks like that lift finally got us to the exit.
If Flora's outside, I'm going to confront her.
It may get a little ugly, but I'm sure it's nothing the both of us can't handle.
ERIN: That's the end of this then, huh? Finally, I was starting to go insane down there.
But it was a learning experience so I guess it was worth the time.
Once you know the trick to this place, it's pretty straightforward.
Perhaps Flora and Florin found their way out of here too? Only one way to find out.
ERIN: Great... What's going on now?
ERIN: ...
???: ...
What? What's so funny?
ERIN: I'm... I'm sorry, but that mech just looks extremely ridiculous.
It looks like a Dugtrio with clenched teeth, and I just... I can't take you seriously.
Flora has some stupid design ideas. It's almost impressive.
GRUNT: H-Hey, I do not look like a Dugtrio with clenched teeth!
ERIN: Now you just look like some poor sap that's about to be consumed by a Dugtrio...
GRUNT: Bah!!! Enough of your stupidity! I'll make you eat those words!
ERIN: Sigh, can you not waste our time? We were just about to leave.
But fine, if you insist. Bring it.
GRUNT: Huh... That wasn't supposed to go that way.
I'm done for now, but don't think this'll be the end, my only friend!
ERIN: Pfft... What a waste of time and energy. Don't battle if you know you're going to lose.
ERIN: Alright, bye.
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
Enter the lift?
Yes
No
[Map506]
"Collapsed Tower."
There seems to be an Odd Keystone placed directly in the center.
There's a lonely collapsed tower. There seems to be an indent in the middle of it.
Would you like to place an Odd Keystone in the tower?
\PN placed the Odd Keystone on the tower.
???: How dare you...
How dare you awaken me from my slumber!
Prepare your soul! It shall be mine soon!
Nothing seems to be happening.
There's a lonely collapsed tower.
Yes
No
[Map507]
Open the chest?
???:\ts[1] Fallen and deserted, I relay the messages of our suffering to you.
Griselda's move in the war was succeeding. More and more of the kingdom became under her rule with ease.
To celebrate, a gathering was formed. Her family and all her loyal subjects formed before her.
Griselda's daughter brought up a silver chalice. A gift from Griselda's two sisters.
Ordained with the finest jewels and stones found from around the world...
Griselda accepted the chalice, and began to drink from it.
\ts[2]And with one final sip, the chalice fell.
Please take one of Griselda's most cherished items as thanks.
The chest is empty.
What is a Queen to her subjects? A King to his soldiers?
For Griselda, our Queen, we meant the universe.
During times of hardships and war, she fought for our safety above all else.
But in sight of \c[6]betrayal, that notion was short lived.
All began with war, and as such, ended the same way.
Griselda, oh beloved Griselda, what would we do?
What would we do without you? What would we have to do without you?
What is peace to the common mind? What is your peace?
Our peace was love and tranquility with each other.
To be kind to others and to ourselves. This is what we lived by.
A sacred tradition that was broken by ourselves.
On the brink of desperation, one's mind changes. It molds, it warps.
Such a distorted figure represented the sins of our entire people.
The chalice fell. The chalice fell. The chalice fell. The chalice fell...
And so did Griselda.
She grabbed her throat in desperation. She tried to cling onto her life.
Griselda looked up in utter despair and saw her two sisters and her own daughter.
\ts[1]"You've gone too far, mother. We did what needed to be done."
With teary eyes and nothing but despair. Griselda perished.
The war had ended. Griselda was dead.\| That's what they thought anyway.
Griselda, the Queen everyone thought to have perished, rose again.
Her body warped in shapes too disturbing for any eye to witness.
The gold tiara she wore became her new face.
Her ribcage became claws. Her spine became wings.
Griselda's rampage had only just begun.
With her newfound powers, she tore through the one thing she thought she could trust. Her people.
In a complete fit of rage, she dragged her kingdom underground.
And as for her beloved daughter, the one who conspired with Griselda's own sisters to murder her...
She tore out her soul and locked it away.
Her sisters, in an act of desperation, sealed Griselda away in a world of distortion.
And as the world became more and more distorted, so did Griselda.
The world was finally at peace once again.
But in turn, Griselda's era had become obscured, esoteric, and legend.
Yes, the one thing that she held above all else.
The one who in the end, betrayed her own mother.
\ts[1]The one trapped down here in these filthy ruins for centuries...
GASTLY:\c[2] ME!
Look inside the chest?
What is important to you? What was important to us? To Griselda?
To Griselda, it was the Royal Family. Her family.
She was born first of three children to the Queen and King of the East Kingdom.
Her younger sister became Queen of the Kingdom of Time, and her youngest sister became the Queen of the Kingdom of Space.
Together they governed the universe and kept it in place.
All was well between them, and life was in total order.
\ts[1]Things weren't always perfect, though...
It looks like someone else already claimed the treasure...
...!
Something seems to be rumbling inside of the chest.
Take a look?
SCRAGGY: Sc-Scragg!!
You left the chest alone.
It looks like the chest has already been opened...
But it looks like there's still something inside...
Take a look inside the chest?
Though her kingdom revered Griselda, they did not find her to be perfect.
Among all that respect, love, and support-- Fear stood strong above all else.
After the war had ended, Griselda's fury did not subside.
She had decided that if the entire universe were under her rule, a future war would not be possible.
Griselda readied her troops and sent them out to invade other lands.
Majority of her people did not approve of her actions, but had no power to make a difference.
Upon those who dare to tread upon Griselda's Kingdom, death was the only outcome.
When soldiers from afar stepped foot, the ultimate crime has already been committed.
Prepared to tear down what she worked so hard to build, Griselda held nothing back.
At the ready, Griselda dispatched her strongest troops. Victory was already hers.
Yes
No
[Map508]
Six badges have been detected... Opening door momentarily.
The panel beneath your feet glows for a moment, but its light quickly diminishes...
Oh my gosh, so we came down here because we heard it was, like, totally haunted...
Me? I'm not afraid of ghosts, but the same cannot be said for my friend here.
LASS: Ghosts are scary! I don't want to be here anymore!
GUITARIST: Ghosts are scary, it's true, but that's why we're here, right?
We're here to venture off into the unknown and find some scary things!
Speaking of which, what's that white hand on your shoulder?
LASS: Wh-What? What are you talking about!
GUITARIST: Huh... I was so sure I saw something. It's probably just my imagination!
Eight badges have been detected... Opening door momentarily.
I wanna go home right now! Right now!
I'll never be able to leave here! I'll always be trapped with the ghosts!
Will you call my mommy for me?
You won't call? Man,\nyou must not have a heart!
Three badges have been detected... Opening door momentarily.
Seven badges have been detected... Opening door momentarily.
[Map509]
MELIA: I'm a reallllyy famous singer in East Gearen City!
I'm the best singer in the entire world! \|Probably.
I'm so popular that West Gearen News did a story on me!
MELIA: But at the end of the day? I learn from my mistakes and I'm determined!
Determined to become a good trainer and be the best I can be!
MELIA: I can dance really well!
MADELIS: Attention Team Xen members! This is your beautiful and gorgeous Xen Executive speaking~!
Our target has been lost once more. However all hope is not lost!
Melia should be somewhere in the facility. I need all units to scramble and search the city before it's too late!
MADELIS: You all know the severity of the consequences.
If we truly want to succeed and become victorious, we must find this girl!
Put all your effort into it! Don't stop! Keep going!
MADELIS: Rise, Team Xen!
MADELIS: Team Xen, forever!
MELIA: I can run\ts[1] realllllyyyyyyyy fast!
[Map510]
These are the Xen Grunts! They aren't... moving.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
DAMIEN: What's going on here? They've all been decimated.
We only just kicked them out. Who could've done this?
???: That would be me.
DAMIEN: You... You're another Team Xen Grunt?
But I've never seen one like this before...
???: Correct, that's because I am an X-Grunt.
There are only a few of us in existence.
And we prefer to keep ourselves hidden within the shadows, but unfortunately...
These deserters had to make themselves more trouble than they were worth.
And I couldn't let all this work go uncredited. I chose to reveal myself.
DAMIEN: A Team Xen Grunt killed their own kind?!
XGRUNT: Correct. That is the purpose of an X-Grunt.
Usually, we deal with this situation differently, there are certain\| special cases within our ranks.
Those who cannot be reached by Madame X herself are hunted down by us.
DAMIEN: So, you're an assassin?
XGRUNT: That's correct.
Those who are unfit to be in our presence must be eradicated.
You two seem shocked. Is this not how mafias and gangs work in society?
If you betray your own clan, you pay the ultimate price for it.
This is no different. They chose to abandon ship, and in turn, their lives.
DAMIEN: You're... You're heartless.
XGRUNT: I'm heartless? I'm not the one who evicted these people.
I heard all about what you two have done. These Grunts were whiners.
If you never kicked them out, I don't think I would've found them.
So I must give my utmost thanks to you two. You were a great help.
DAMIEN: I... I helped Team Xen?
XGRUNT: You did, and you should be proud.
You're helping us pave the way for a new future. A new cycle.
I've spent far too much time here. I must bid both of you adieu.
DAMIEN: Wait!
DAMIEN: Damn it... I fucked up... I fucked up so hard.
I was being too harsh again... I should've let them stay there.
I...
\PN, just... Just go. I'll bury the bodies.
I'll... take care of all of this.
"Badland Baddies!" Help request completed.
CACTURNE: Tuurnna!
It's a mysterious blue statue... It stares at you intensely.
Give the statue a Rage Candy Bar?
The statue ate the Rage Candy Bar!
The statue attacked!
You left the blue statue alone.
"Sand Stream Cave."
REINA: Are... Are we in the desert?
HUEY: Th-The desert?!
HUEY: Oh no...
KANON: Yeah. I believe Krystal called it Zorrialyn Desert, or something.
Regret sneaking up on me like that now?
REINA: Um, only moderately, but exploring a desert could be cool...
I mean, I don't like the heat, but I rather melt into nothing instead of turning into ice.
KANON: Well good, cuz there's no ice anywhere near here.
HUEY: So... Where is this Krystal person?
KANON: We're on our way to a place called Sashila Village.
Claydol got the location slightly off, so it'll be a little bit of a walk, unfortunately.
REINA: Great, but I guess I asked for this. Sucks to suck.
Alright, which direction do we go, Kanon? Lead the way!
KANON: South-West, but there's no real rush, so I guess we can take detours if we want.
HUEY: L-Let's go, I guess...
KANON: By the way, if you want to go back to Grand Dream City...
You could try asking Claydol again, but... Yeah.
With that being said. Onward!
CLAYDOL: Clayydoo!
Looks like this Claydol is waiting for someone.
Have Claydol teleport you?
To think that my job is to sit in front of this cave and guard it from outsiders.
Don't worry, we're guarding it from outsiders because the cave is dangerous.
We only let in experienced outsiders, so if you want to enter, you'll have to talk to get permission at our village.
Sorry, pal... This cave is only for strong trainers.
If you want entry into this cave, you'll have to get permission at our village.
"v - Sashila Village."
Yes
No
[Map511]
HIPPOPOTAS: Hip-p-popotas!
[Map512]
HIPPOPOTAS: Hip-p-popotas!
HIPPOWDON: Hioppooo!
I hear that this pit fills up completely with sand at night!
But I've also heard that this pit sometimes fills up with sand during other parts of the day too. Not too often, though.
The pit! It's filled up with sand! SAND!!
[Map513]
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
HIPPOWDON: Hioppooo!
Yes
No
[Map514]
TRAPINCH: Trapan!
VIBRAVA: Braava!
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
You can hear rustling deep within this pit...
\PN poured some of the scented lure into the pit...
Pokemon came crawling out!
You left the pit alone.
It's a Zygarde Core!
Collect it with the Zygarde Cube?
\PN collected the Zygarde Core!
Bring back the Zygarde Core to Ayuda!
Yes
No
[Map515]
REN: This is...
AELITA: I have no idea what's going to happen once you interact with that thing, but...
I just don't want to see anything bad happen to you.
VENAM: H-Huh? Don't look at me... I'm still trying to process what was said to me moments ago...
In fact, I'm still trying to process the fact that all of this is even real.
The Obelisk? The Archetype? This all sounds straight out of some JRPG.
But no, I'm looking at it with my own two eyes. SO. YES. I'm doing fine.
REINA: This was definitely not here last time.
"<- Sashila Village."
CHILD: Please help me!!!
EXEGGUTOR: Gguutor!
CHILD: Waaah! Please save me!
CHILD: Huff... Huff... I'm so tired... I can see the village...
Th-Thank you for saving me, trainer... I'll go back home now...
"My Sister Fell!" task completed!
HUEY: What would happen if I climbed this?
MELIA: Good luck, \PN. If you need help, we're here for you.
CARRIER: Do you need a ride? I'm on my way to the Voidal Chasm.
CARRIER: Let's get on with it then!
MUDSDALE: Moouud!
Alrighty then!
It's a mysterious blue statue... It stares at you intensely.
Give the statue a Rage Candy Bar?
The statue ate the Rage Candy Bar!
The statue attacked!
You left the blue statue alone.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
REN: Are you ready for our battle?
REN: I've been training myself ever since our journey began.
I know what you're capable of. I won't be holding back.
Let's go!
I never expected to see you turn into this kind of trainer. I'm really glad I met you.
REN: Ah well, I couldn't beat you again, but that's okay.
Trying to be the best around is really tiring, and I think I'm over it.
REINA: You lost? C'mon you can do better than that!
REN: Yeah, yeah, go off. I probably deserve it.
REINA: Nahh, you tried your best.
REN: Where are you guys heading now?
REINA: Back to the city, I guess.
REN: Reina, I would feel better if you'd go home.
And I'm not even saying this to annoy you. Grand Dream City isn't safe.
I don't know what Team Xen is planning exactly, but whatever it is...
Hell, take Huey with you. He can stay in my room while I'm gone.
REINA: I appreciate the concern. I'll just be a bit more careful.
HUEY: And my friends are in the city, I can't just leave.
That... and \PN and I are obligated to go participate in a tournament soon. Like, real soon.
REN: Sigh... Alright. You guys do you. I have to go.
REINA: Bye, Ren! If you die, I'll kill you! Don't forget.
REN: Heh... I'll keep that in mind. Goodbye everyone! We'll see each other soon.
HUEY: Are we gonna go head through that oasis portal again?
RUEY: I did not feel like ruining my clothes again by jumping into water, so...
I bugged Damien until he agreed to take us to Route 9! Yay!!
Let's go, \PN!
HUEY: So um, how do we get out of this desert?
REINA: Well, Kanon said there was an oasis you can jump in that would teleport us back to the Scholar District.
But I don't feel like doing all that work, so I bugged Damien until he agreed to take us back!
HUEY: Neat! Let's go!
REN: I'll be waiting here then.
ALEXANDRA: Please interact with the Obelisk, \PN.
It should react to your presence... Should being the big key word here.
VENAM: Uh... I don't think this is working.
ALEXANDRA: This is what Nymiera instructed me to do! It must work!
DAMIEN: \PN, try placing your hand on here right now.
\PN explained everything.
VENAM: All of that happened in the span of three minutes? What?
MELIA: If \PN entered a database, it would make sense, I think.
Computers are able to process information instantaneously.
ERIN: And if this thing's appearance is any indication, it's highly advanced.
But this also leads into so many other questions.
The main one being the secret behind \PN's past, and Crescent's involvement.
It can be assumed that \PN and Crescent were affiliated at some point before they lost their memory.
DAMIEN: \PN, you said your mother gave you something for us, right?
Give it here. I may be able to do something with it.
ALEXANDRA: For now, let's head back inside. We'll call the rest of the day off.
There's a strange interface on the surface of the Obelisk.
Interact with it?
\PN interacted with the Obelisk.
\ts[1]Welcome to the Obelisk. Product of Garufa Inc.
\ts[1]Please be patient as we prepare our first time set up.
\ts[5]Loading. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
\ts[1]Your data has been uploaded and your Soul has been tracked.
\ts[1]Please proceed. Interceptor.
There's a strange component here...
"v Abandoned Village\n-> Abyssal Labyrinth."
CACTURNE: Tuurnna!
MELIA: ...!
\PN, this...
This is gonna sound so weird, but recently it feels as though this obelisk has been calling out to me??
It's gotten stronger every night since we've gotten back from GDC.
I touched the panel just to see if anything would happen, but there was nothing.
Here's the weirdest part...
As I did it, I had an instinct. It was slight, and quick, but it was there.
Something told me "Not yet". It was the most bizarre thing...
DAMIEN: You're just chock full of surprises, aren't you?
This structure came through the ground just a few days ago.
We've been studying this Obelisk for quite some time now...
Hopefully its secrets will become known to us soon.
The ground shook so violently and then this structure emerged.
REN: Phew, it was quite a walk, but it seems like we made it.
This is Sashila Village. I've been here a few times on my travels.
The people here are quite nice and welcoming. Despite their upbringing...
Anyway, you three should talk with the village Chief.
He'll get you guys back home. Sorry for all this trouble.
REINA: Ren, are you really going to leave?
We haven't spoken in over a year and this is how things are going to end?
REN: Yeah... I'm sorry, Reina. It's a little complicated...
But once you guys get back to the city... You should grab everyone you care about and leave.
Leave Grand Dream City and don't come back. Trust me.
REN: Yeah, I got everything under control. Just calm down, alright?
HUEY: Um, who was he talking to?
REINA: I dunno, but that message he gave us...
HUEY: Grab everyone we love and leave Grand Dream City?
That's such an ominous message...
REINA: Well, if he wants to leave, that's up to him.
If he wants me to leave Grand Dream City, then fine.
I just want to go back home to Goldenleaf Town.
HUEY: Hey Kanon, are you sure this is it? You kept getting lost on the way!
KANON: Y-Yeah, I know that this is the place. I've been here a couple times already.
See? The sign right here says "Sashila Village".
HUEY: Heheh, alright, I believe you!
KANON: You have your fingers crossed...
HUEY: What? Nu-uh! That's not true!
REINA: Guys can we just go already? Standing here is making my brain fry.
???: You four...
KANON: Damien... What are you doing here?
DAMIEN: You're Alexandra's friend, right? Do you know where she went?
KANON: Uh... Did you happen to-
DAMIEN: Yes, I found her. She told me how she's tired of running, yada-yada.
DAMIEN: I'm surprised and also not surprised to see you here, \PN.
But that's a conversation for another time.
DAMIEN: Hey, you there, in the middle...\| Haven't we met before?
Yeah, it was at the hospital, right?
Anyway, listen, I need help from the four of you.
KANON: I'm sorry, but I really need to get to Alexandra.
DAMIEN: This is about Alexandra. So be quiet for a second.
KANON: Huh? What's wrong with Alexandra?!
DAMIEN: Alexandra said she was waiting for Kanon to return with \PN.
I left for a little while to take care of something, but when I came back she was gone.
KANON: She was gone...? But... You don't think she tried to run again?
DAMIEN: I don't think so, no.
Considering she told me she was done running, I don't think she tried to give us the slip.
Which means she must've gotten herself into trouble or something.
Kanon, did she say anything to you before you left?
KANON: N-No, she didn't... She said she'd be waiting for me back in Sashila...
HUEY: Well if she's missing, that means we have to look for her!
If she only just went missing, then there might be time for us to find her...
DAMIEN: I like your attitude, kid. You're absolutely right.
The desert is vast, though. It may take us a while to find her if we group.
Kanon, you stay in Sashila and look after it while I'm gone, got it?
KANON: Understood!
DAMIEN: Kid with the good attitude, what was your name again?
HUEY: It's Huey!
DAMIEN: Huey, I want you to search around Sand Stream Cave.
That's just north of here, so you shouldn't get lost.
HUEY: Roger that, sir!
DAMIEN: And as for the little lady, there's a cave called Voidal Chasm north east of here.
It's not really a touristy place, and people who fall in don't usually come out, but...
You look like you'd be able to handle it well.
REINA: Um, of course I'll be able to handle it! Just leave it to me.
DAMIEN: As for you, \PN, I think it'd be wise for you to chase after that girl.
I lied when I said she would be able to handle it.
But she looked like she was full of sass and teenage angst.
Something I'm not really in the mood to deal with, so...
Just follow her and make sure she's fine, yes?
I'm going to the Ruined City just east of here. Don't follow me. Unless you wanna get mugged.
What's going on here?
ERIN: The Obelisk is the bridge, hm?
I wonder if the Obelisk is connected to that Core Aelita mentioned before.
And if it is, it must have some amount of absurd power just like the Grotto.
Is it really okay to mess with stuff like this? Not like anyone is prepared to, anyway.
What's this? You want to take on the Sashila Trial?
Sorry, but the Sashila Trial is for the people of Sashila Village.
If you'd like to know more, try visiting our village first. It's just west of here.
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
REINA: Ren would never join a group like Team Xen. It's just unheard of.
Something must've happened... Something.
I just wanna believe that this whole thing is a lie..
ALEXANDRA: I think Nymiera might be talking about this?
REN: Uh... This was not here last time.
ALEXANDRA: A few days ago, we had this really violent tremor.
During it, this tower-esque structure came through the ground.
We have our scholars investigating it as we speak.
What we've found is really interesting.
The material used to construct this structure is similar to Black Shards.
I don't know if you're familiar with this, but Black Shards are materials that came from Space.
They're highly erratic material that can sometimes shift its shape without warning.
REINA: Oh, yeah! I own a Black Shard myself. I have it in my room all the way back at Goldenleaf Town.
ALEXANDRA: So then you're familiar with how... strange they can be?
REINA: Yeah. Sometimes they can glow different colors and be really pretty.
...And other times they can break your desk because it increased in size...
ALEXANDRA: Sounds like that shard is destablized.
Stablizing Black Shard material is incredibly difficult, and usually ends in its destruction.
This tower is completely stabilized. Something that is a definite miracle.
???: Finally, I've been looking all over for you all!
KANON: You guys got here safe and sound. I'm glad!
HUEY: Kanon, buddy! How's it going?!
REINA: It really is the same person...
KANON: Looks like you guys found your way back somehow. I'm glad.
REINA: Holy crap, this guy is actually the same person we met in Hiyoshi.
You have a lot of explaining to do, Kanon!
KANON: I have... explaining to do?
REN: When we went to the past, we saw someone who looked JUST like you.
You two had the same name as well, but that's where the similarities end.
KANON: ...
ALEXANDRA: Go ahead, Kanon. It's time.
KANON: I must apologize to you all. The Kanon you knew in this time was not an actual person.
KANON: I must apologize to you \PN, Huey. The Kanon you once knew was not an actual person.
HUEY: Wh-What do you mean? Kanon, you're talking nonsense...
KANON: The Kanon you knew, was a fake persona created to mask my knowledge of Nymiera's location.
Does this look familiar?
REINA: That's...
KANON: You remember, correct? I was captured by that Gardevoir.
During that time, I deleted my old self and became a different person.
I became the Kanon you all knew. A weak child with a fabricated past.
When Alexandra found me on the Grand Express, she recognized who I was immediately.
Because I was described in an old book passed down by Nymiera.
She helped me regain my old sense of self and purpose. To be a servant.
HUEY:\ts[2] Haha.
WHAT.
ALEXANDRA: First of all, you're not a servant. You're a friend.
KANON: Haha... Nymiera would claim the same thing.
But I know my origin. I am not human.
My sole purpose is to serve Nymiera's family.
And I shall do so without question. That is my nature.
HUEY: B-But, Kanon... I thought we were good friends?!
Where's the old Kanon I knew?? I want to talk to him.
KANON: Forgive me, Huey. I will say that the time we spent was definitely a memorable one.
Even if it were for a short time.
HUEY: That's not what the REAL Kanon would say! He would just look at me awkwardly!
KANON!!
REINA: This is just getting sad. C'mon Huey, back to the village with you.
HUEY:\ts[1] Kanon!!! It's me! It's Huey! Blink twice if you remember me!
BLINK TWICE!!\| BLINKKKK TWICCEEEE!
KANON: ...Should I be concerned?
REN: No, that's just how he is. He'll get over it.
KANON: That's good to hear.
If that'll be all, I'll be on my way once more.
ALEXANDRA: Yes, you're dismissed.
KANON: Thank you, Lady Alexandra.
ALEXANDRA: I must go as well. I have to plan my next move.
Please excuse me, Ren, \PN.
REN: I guess that's it then.
Our little adventure has come to an end.
Heh... Of course, I can't leave just like that.
I want us to have a battle, \PN. This time for fun.
I'll be waiting for you right on the outskirts of the village.
ALEXANDRA: \PN, I believe this tower is what Nymiera referred to as the Obelisk.
In her letter she mentioned that she sensed kindness within you.
I sense this as well, and as a result, I don't believe you are our enemy.
But if you have one of the three souls of Arceus laying deep within you...
Then suddenly we have been given a great power and advantage.
Truthfully, this is the main reason why I wanted to recruit and keep you under my wing.
ERIN: Yet... You kept that fact hidden from us again.
DAMIEN: We didn't want to overload you all at once, besides, Aelita needed to learn of the Grotto on her own.
This Obelisk must be a bridge between \PN and Adrest.
If that's true, then if we awaken Adrest within \PN, they will gain an enormous amount of power.
\PN, combined with the four we have now... Team Xen won't stand a chance.
REN: ...
ALEXANDRA: \PN, please interact with the Obelisk. It should react to your presence.
MELIA: \PN... Please be careful.
REN: We're attacking Xen HQ soon?
That means Nastasia and... Well...
Sorry, there's a few things I need to think about.
I heard there was a secret hidden somewhere in this desert. Have any idea where it is?
I don't really know anything either. Perhaps it's not even true.
...Or maybe it's totally true and we just don't know where to look!
AELITA: Hey, \PN. I've been thinking about our time at the School of Nightmares.
Rune intricately crafted that world for a specific reason.
Everything had a purpose, right? Something that contributed something!
But I'm confused about why Rhodea was part of the game too...
Despite being told the truth about her parents demise, I don't think Rune's intention was for her to kill Mr. Blakeory.
There's something else hidden between the lines... I'm gonna find out what!
Yes
No
Bring it on!
I need to prepare.
[Map516]
You've come a long way to get to Sashila Village, I bet.
When you get the chance, you should visit Sashila Inn.
This village isn't very large, so we only have two rooms...
HUEY: Gee wiz, I did not expect to be thrown around like this when I woke up today...
What do we even do at this point?
REINA: We have a whole desert village to explore. Heck, an entire desert.
HUEY: So I guess if we have time to kill, we can just do whatever we want for a little while?
REINA: Yeah... I remember seeing an inn somewhere on the lower floor.
Whenever we're done with whatever we're doing, we should meet there.
HUEY: Hah, deal! I'm gonna go browse the market district!
REINA: I guess I'll just chill a bit.
Flora rescued us from that old Ruined City and restored the land we live on.
If it weren't for her, we'd be suffering still.
What's that? You want to get inside of Sand Stream Cave?
Sand Stream Cave is dangerous for people who aren't experienced trainers.
But I suppose you'll do just fine. I'll have someone let you through.
People from outside the Badlands tend to visit the Voidal Chasm because it's an easy place to mine Ether.
But the Voidal Chasm isn't named that for nothing.
It's endless, and if you fall in, you'll lose yourself forever.
It's not worth the risk, in my opinion.
INFORMANT: Tee hee hee... Are you interested in my services?
INFORMANT: Teehee... If that's the case, what do you want information on?
\GThese are the people I can gather information about at the moment.
\GINFORMANT: Aelita, huh? That'll be about $7,000.
INFORMANT: Teehee, looks like I got some saucy info on that hot-headed girl!
When Aelita was young, she admired Keta of Sheridan very much.
For Keta's birthday, Aelita thought it would be nice to bake a cake for him.
Aelita asked the Eldest for help and she agreed.
The Eldest gave Aelita a list of ingredients for Keta's cake, but unfortunately, Aelita still couldn't read properly.
The recipe called for eggs, milk, butter, and cinnamon.
Aelita was able to collect the eggs, milk, and butter successfully, because she had used those before.
But it was different with cinnamon. She couldn't read it properly.
She didn't want to disappoint everyone, so she gathered the ingredients as requested.
She gathered all the ingredients and mixed it into a batter.
While it baked, the Eldest claimed the cake had a weird smell.
Aelita, sweating bullets, confessed that she did not know what "cinnamon" was.
The Eldest, amused, took out the cake once it was done and took a taste...
It turns out Aelita had put in eggs, milk, butter, and... \|\c[6]cilantro!
She totally ruined that cake! The Eldest couldn't help but laugh.
Poor Aelita couldn't help but cry her eyes out.
That's all I got for now, but I hope it was worth your money!
Sorry, but you don't have enough money.
INFORMANT: Come any time...
\GINFORMANT: Tesla, huh? That'll be about $12,000.
INFORMANT: Teehee, boy do I have a scoop for the Wielder of the Golden Flame!
Tesla's parents died when she was very young.
She had no pictures of them, and no memory of them, so it's like they never existed.
But Tesla was interested in her heritage, so she decided to take a test and figure out her lineage.
Turns out her father was a foreign man from a far away region.
But unfortunately, she couldn't find much when it came to her mother.
The doctors had no records, but it was determined that she was a native.
Tesla refused to give up, so she decided to find out the truth herself.
She visited many places around Aevium, but she couldn't find anything.
During a harsh and brutal storm, Tesla was knocked off her Talonflame and into the ocean.
A few days later she washed up against a shore and was nursed back to health by the people native to that area.
When she woke up she found people who looked similar to her.
She thought it was a long shot, but she took another test. A test that the village had prepared for their own kind.
Turns out, the village where she washed up was the very same place her mother had been born!
Tesla thanked the people there, and left as happy as she could be.
That's all I have for Tesla, please come ag-
INFORMANT: Huh? The name of the village she washed up in?
Teehee... The village she ended up in... Was this very same village, Sashila!
It's true, Tesla is a Sashilan woman!
\GINFORMANT: Karen? Oof, that one is hard to track. I'll be charging you a lil' bit more than usual.
\GThat'll be $20,000. That's it. Take it or leave it.
INFORMANT: Alright, this one is a bit interesting.
Karen is obsessed with ruin excavation and tomb raiding.
But it turns out that she's doing that because she's trying to find out about her past.
It turns out that she may be from an ancient royal family, but they're long forgotten.
One day, she found a ruin of her old family, but it was heavily guarded by Garufan magic.
In order to open the way, she would have to use magic, but she was inexperienced.
She took on an advanced spell and failed miserably.
If Garufan magic is not done successfully, it comes with harsh consequences.
Because she failed, she lost her mental stability.
Her mind warped her view, and she became volatile.
She hid herself for many years until her mind got the best of her.
She became her own worst enemy.
INFORMANT: Unfortunately, I don't have much information on places at this time.
Please return later.
INFORMANT: Why yes, I'm a very renowned informant here in Sashila Village.
If you need information on something, or someone, I'm your gal...
Perhaps I can even find info on some of your friends, hehe...
Of course, I don't work for free. Prices vary depending on the circumstance.
HUEY: I was just trying to raise the spirits.
There's an oasis somewhere in Zorrialyn Desert.
My friend said he saw a woman disappear within the water found there.
Isn't that ridiculous? People don't just disappear!
"Sashila Help Center. | Coming Soon!"
"Sashila Help Center. | Open Now!!"
ARCHAEOLOGIST: Hello! Have you come to see if you found all of the Crests?
ARCHAEOLOGIST: Alright, let's have a look here and see...
ARCHAEOLOGIST: O-Oh my! It looks like you've actually done it!
Congratulations! Allow me to reward you with some history!
Long ago, a King named Ieseil ruled over the Land of the west.
During his reign, a great war broke out between the several large kingdoms in the region.
Ieisel refused to take part in the war. He thought it would only result in the unnecessary deaths of his people.
However, one day, the Queen of the Ghostlands, Griselda, walked upon his land and asked for help.
Griselda knew of Ieisel's history with Garufa magic.
She pleaded to Ieisel... "Please, help my army become stronger".
While hesitant, Ieisel agreed if it meant that no war would befall his people.
He used ancient forbidden magic to infuse the souls of Pokemon into items known as "Crests".
He handed them to Griselda and she returned to the Kingdom of Ghovora.
Unfortunately, neighboring kingdoms heard of Ieisel's deal with the Queen, and demanded that he did the same for them.
Ieisel did not wish to sacrifice more Pokemon to create the Crests the neighboring Kingdom's desired, but...
He had no choice but to do it. All that mattered was that he protected his people.
After doing the ritual so many times, Ieisel grew weary with guilt.
So many Pokemon had lost their lives for the selfishness of humanity...
On his last ritual, he lost the will to continue. Knowing fully that he could not do it any longer.
But dire consequences happen to those who are interrupted or stopped during rituals.
Because of this, his soul was merged with that of a Cofagrigus.
His castle caved into the ground and created a\c[6] labyrinth.
A labyrinth that would act as a huge coffin for Ieisel to be trapped in for eternity.
Many people believe this is the reason why the curse of Zorrialyn Labyrinth exists.
Ieisel wants to be free, but the Garufan curse repels people away.
Thank you for listening to me. I've wanted to tell that story for so long!
As for your real reward... Here you go!
ARCHAEOLOGIST: This was a Crest I found while excavating the labyrinth myself.
I've already studied everything I need to about it, so you can have it!
ARCHAEOLOGIST: Hm... It doesn't look like you've found them all.
Come back when you've found all of the Crests!
ARCHAEOLOGIST: Hello! Have you heard of the Zorrialyn Labyrinth?
ARCHAELOGIST: In that case, have you heard of items called "Crests"?
ARCHAEOLOGIST: Great! Since you know what Crests are, then I can skip to the point.
If you ever decide to visit the labyrinth, I highly recommend searching for these artifacts.
And tell you what, if you can find all of them, I'll have something nice for you!
ARCHAEOLOGIST: Crests are items that were said to have been created by an ancient unnamed King.
Supposedly they have the power to empower weaker Pokemon.
The reason behind this isn't known, but it's incredibly helpful for some Pokemon that have fallen behind.
ARCHAELOGIST: The Zorrialyn Labyrinth is a cave just south of this village.
It is said to be created by a King who used to rule over the land centuries ago.
This king used ancient Garufan magic to create items that would empower weaker Pokemon.
These items are known as "Crests".
ARCHAEOLOGIST: I wouldn't be surprised if there are even more Crests out there.
If you happen to find more of them, you should bring them back to me!
BONSLY: Bon!
HUEY: They have a lot of cool stuff here. Things you don't really see around.
I wonder if they have any kind of exotic food...
BREEDER: A desert isn't the same without some sparring!
Also a good place for losing...
BREEDER: Come back anytime!
REINA: Welp, things are getting serious.
The Chief isn't in his quarters at the moment. Please return later.
You wish to see the Chief? He's in his quarters talking to his sister.
You may enter, but don't come to me if you anger him with needless talk.
Welcome to Sashila Village. The Chief is done speaking with Alexandra.
But it seems he's stepped out for the day. Please come back later.
DELPHA: Things have changed from this point on. We can't afford for everyone to be in the dark any longer.
I've never been outside of the desert lands. I don't know how the world is outside these islands.
Perhaps I don't really want to know.
LATIOS: Graoo!
"Sashila Village."
The Chief is speaking with someone at the moment.
You may enter, but if things go poorly, don't come crying to me.
DELPHA: \PN! Welcome back.
???: Yo, \PN.
DELPHA: Don't you recognize him? It's Adam.
DELPHA: By that look it seems like you don't!
ADAM: Decided to go back to the natural look.
I wanna say I had some huge epiphany about "being yourself", but really I just can't be bothered to keep dyeing my hair.
ADAM: Yes it's really me. The real me, or something.
Decided to retake the natural look. I'm just over the whole dyed hair look, is all.
DELPHA: Or maybe that "Adam Might" persona of yours embarrasses you so you want to forget about it.
ADAM: Tch, different form, same ol' Braixen. You haven't changed a bit.
Even with my memories being fragmented, I can still remember that much.
DELPHA: There's no way you could forget me. I'd kick your head in until you remembered~!
ADAM: I think I would die before that happened, and that is true peace.
But enough of the banter, they're waiting for \PN. Let's let 'em go through.
DELPHA: Agreed.
ADAM: Everyone's inside. Don't make them wait too much.
REN: Hey, uh... \PN. I guess you decided to join me after all?
Well, okay then. To get to Zone Zero we need to get through Alamissa Urben.
Alexandra told me that her friend Ryland lives within Alamissa.
And we know that he's part of Bladestar, so we might have problems if we run into him.
Other than that, it should be an easy trip.
As for how to get to Alamissa, you can take the Mudsdale to the Voidal Chasm and head west.
I'll meet you there.
ALEXANDRA: It looks like most of us have arrived.
DAMIEN: This better be worth it, Alexandra.
ALEXANDRA: It will be... Just trust me.
???: Oh? I don't think I know who you are.
ALEXANDRA: Ah, this is \PN, and those are their friends. Reina and Huey.
???: Did you just say "\PN"?
...In any case, my name is Ryland. It is a pleasure to meet you.
HUEY: It's a pleasure to meet you too!
???: I see... Hello \PN, Reina, and Huey. My name is Ryland.
REINA: Hello! What's up?
RYLAND: Uh... Nothing much I suppose. Just waiting for the final guest to arrive.
???: I'm here.
REINA: Ren?! What are you doing here?
REN: I was called here by an old friend. Right, Alexandra?
ALEXANDRA: Yes, Ren. Thank you for coming.
Excuse me if I'm being nosy, but it seems like you all know each other already?
REN: \PN is an old... acquaintance. Huey I just met, and Reina is my sister.
ALEXANDRA: Oh, I see! I suppose that makes this easier, then.
ALEXANDRA: Now that everyone is present, we can begin.
The three of you all have different goals and ambitions.
Some of those ambitions may coincide, and some may conflict.
But with our cooperation, we can become a stronger entity.
At the end of the day, what is our common goal?
RYLAND: Ma'am, I don't think I understand.
ALEXANDRA: The common goal we all share here is to make this world a better place.
This is correct, isn't it?
RYLAND: My lady, of course. It's what I actively strive for in my life.
To protect the people of the Badlands and to ensure that we prosper.
ALEXANDRA: And for you, Ren?
REN: I would like to also say that I am fighting for a better world.
Even if my motivations were selfish at first. I want... I want us all to live in peace.
ALEXANDRA: Excellent! Finally, what do you think, \PN?
ALEXANDRA: I knew it! I knew you also wished for peace in this world.
RYLAND: A respectable answer, \PN. I admire your sense of good.
REN: I'm glad you haven't changed, \PN. Even back then your sense of justice was always inspiring.
ALEXANDRA: Oh...
RYLAND: Please excuse me for asking this, but how do you not know?
People in this world suffer because of many things.
How could you not inherently wish for a better world?
REN: I understand where \PN is coming from. Perhaps they see things in a different perspective.
Maybe it's not as simple as we say it is. Is world peace even possible?
RYLAND: Of course it's possible. With hard work and determination.
REN: If you say so... Sometimes I'm not so sure.
ALEXANDRA: ...
RYLAND: Sometimes saying nothing and doing nothing is the same as giving up.
I don't mean to be rude, so please pardon me, but it's people like you that cause this world to crumble.
In this world, you must speak and stand up for yourself.
Without that ability, you're nothing but a road for someone to walk over.
REN: But even if we had that common goal... What's the point of bringing it up?
ALEXANDRA: Because we have that despite our differences and upbringing!
Bladestar!
Rebellion!
Team Xen!
REN: Bladestar?
RYLAND: Team Xen?!
HUEY: R-Rebellion, woo!
REINA: Huey...
HUEY: I was just trying to break the tension.
REINA: ...
We're getting in the way let's just let them talk.
ALEXANDRA: Now, now... Let's settle down now.
RYLAND: Forgive me, Alexandra, but I could not dare to work with someone from Team Xen.
Not after what they did to my home. I will never forgive them.
Those extremists won't do anything but harm to this world.
REN: Did you really call me an extremist? Take a look in the mirror, bub.
If you looked up the word extremist in the dictionary, Bladestar would be the first picture available!
RYLAND: At least we do what we must to bring equality and justice for all of those who have been wronged.
REN: How virtuous of you, Ryland. That's just an excuse you use to harm more than heal.
RYLAND: I am sorry, Lady Alexandra. I know what you tried to do here today.
But unfortunately, I am not interested in setting aside my differences.
Please, excuse me.
DAMIEN: ...
I'm very sorry things didn't work out the way you wanted.
But perhaps now you can see just how naive your way of thinking is.
Peace cannot be attained by cooperation alone. Strength is what's truly necessary.
We will talk more later, Alexandra. Regarding a girl we all know too well.
ALEXANDRA: Sigh...
Damien is right... It was naive of me to think I could bring us to any form of resolution.
It's just a fact that I'm not as good as Nymiera when it comes to things like this...
REN: Alexandra, I'm sorry...
ALEXANDRA: No, it's fine, Ren. Truthfully, this is not what I called you for.
REN: Huh...? It wasn't?
ALEXANDRA: Ryland came to Sashila to speak with my brother, Damien.
But I used this opportunity to somehow make peace between opposing parties.
As you can see, that didn't turn out so well.
REN: So what did you call us here for then?
ALEXANDRA: I called you and \PN here because I need your help with something.
Ren, you are familiar with Zone Zero, correct?
REN: You mean the ruins of that destroyed city? The one north of Alamissa?
ALEXANDRA: That's correct.
Just north of Zone Zero, there's a place called Eclysia Pyramid.
Within that Pyramid, is the Spring of Rejuvenation.
REN: The Spring of Rejuvenation?
ALEXANDRA: That's right. I need to make my way to the spring, but there's a problem...
To get to Eclysia Pyramid, you must walk through Zone Zero first, however...
For about a year now, a devastating sandstorm has plagued the area.
I initially thought nothing of it, but I grew concerned when the storm would not wane.
So I decided to visit the area, and what I found was...\c[6] A Dimensional Rift.
REN: A Rift? I don't remember Nastasia telling me about any Rift in that area...
ALEXANDRA: That's because that Rift has nothing to do with Team Xen at all.
It's a Rift controlled and monitored by Bladestar.
I believe it was meant to keep Team Xen from getting to the pyramid themselves.
But it's kept everyone out except for Bladestar themselves.
REN: I see, and you probably want \PN and I to deal with that Rift?
ALEXANDRA: Yes. You told me that you two had experience dealing with them before?
REN: But Alexandra, why didn't you deal with it? I mean...
After our last encounter, it was clear your strength far exceeds mine...
ALEXANDRA: It sounds very selfish and it pains me to speak this way about myself.
But I cannot afford to die. No matter what happens in this world.
I cannot... I will not...
REN: So you're sending us in because we're disposable then?
ALEXANDRA: Ren, it's not like that, it's-
REN: No I get it, but I'm not sure \PN would want to work with me in the first place.
ALEXANDRA: I see... if that is the case...
Please, \PN. Please cooperate with Ren. Even if it's just for a little while.
Of course, this isn't without reward.
ALEXANDRA: Thank you, \PN. I really appreciate it.
Now that that's settled. Let's talk about how you'll get to Zone Zero on foot.
REN: You have to go through Alamissa Urben, right?
ALEXANDRA: That's right. Alamissa Urben is located north-east from Sashila.
Once you leave the village, head north and then east.
REN: Understood.
ALEXANDRA: One more thing, though.
As I said before, Ryland is part of Bladestar. The problem is that he lives in Alamissa.
REN: I see... So I take it that he won't be too appreciative of us trying to take that Rift out.
Don't worry. We'll try to avoid fighting at all costs, but if he tries anything...
ALEXANDRA: Do what you must.
REN: I shall.
REN: I'll be waiting for you just outside the village.
ALEXANDRA: Despite Ren being part of Team Xen, he's helped me on numerous occasions.
I can say for certainty that he is trustworthy. So please cooperate with him.
REN: No, don't worry... I get it. It's understandable.
Along with the Rift in Zone Zero, there's a rift between \PN and I.
And I'm determined to eradicate both. So you're coming with me, \PN.
Whether you like it or not.
To get to Zone Zero normally, you have to go through Alamissa Urben, right?
ALEXANDRA: Yes, that's correct.
REN: I see... In that case, I'll head for Alamissa Urben now.
ALEXANDRA: Ren, wait!
ALEXANDRA: I'm not exactly sure what's going on between you two, but...
Ren has helped me numerous times in the past. I can vouch that he is trustworthy.
So please, cooperate with him. For me?
Like Ren said, you have to go through Alamissa to get to Zone Zero on foot.
The entrance is located in Zorrialyn Desert. East of Sand Stream Cave.
It's not too hard to find. There should be a sign that tells you exactly where it is.
ALEXANDRA: Do be careful, though. Ryland lives in Alamissa Urben.
And the Rift we're trying to take out is under Bladestar's rule.
I don't think he'll take too kindly to you both trying to destroy the Rift being.
I would like to say to avoid violence, but do what you must.
And of course, as for the reward I mentioned...
I have a couple of things to give you once you return, but most importantly...
I'm sure you're interested in why exactly Damien was so intent in destroying Nim.
That's the name she chose, right? That's what Damien told me...
Please work hard, \PN. I'm counting on you.
REN: So, uh... I guess it's plain to see that we weren't exactly successful with our mission.
ALEXANDRA: That's okay, at least you tried. That's all that matters to me.
REN: We'll do another attempt at it if you want,\| but we've been through quite a bit.
I only ask that you give us a few days to regroup and rest.
ALEXANDRA: I could imagine. Please take your time.
Might I ask what you all went through? I must say that the concept of time travel is quite interesting.
REN: We met a lot of people, and went through a lot of rough fights.
But what's most notable was these three women. Nymiera, Anju, and Hazuki.
ALEXANDRA: N-Nymiera?! You met her?!
REN: Yeah, we did. She was kinda odd, but in a cool way.
ALEXANDRA: Nymiera is my ancestor. She's highly respected in my family.
REN: I had a feeling. You two practically look identical.
By the way, speaking of Nymiera, she asked me tell you something, \PN.
She said, "We will meet again when The Obelisk emerged".
I think I may know what she was referring to...
I'd like you both to see something. Please meet me just outside the village.
REN: Um, alright.
Chief Damien was out looking for his Lady Alexandra.
It's ever since that girl appeared...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
CACNEA: Niaaa!
DAMIEN: Ugh, that annoying brat just couldn't leave me alone.
You know, I actually appreciate my time alone.
So if doing this means you guys will hurry up and leave, fine by me.
Are you ready to go?
DAMIEN: Finally. I'll drop you off on Route 9.
C'mon, Latios.
LATIOS: Graooo!
DAMIEN: Just hurry up.
DAMIEN: Oh, you're back... I know you just got here, but do you wanna leave?
ALEXANDRA: Please work hard, \PN. And please come back safe.
This task starts at Alamissa Urben. That's located east of Sand Stream Cave.
I've never seen a real evergreen tree before, but I think that's fine with me.
I love what you can find in the desert. It's all fine to me.
REINA: We heard everything. Are you and Ren really going to do what she says?!
I don't know what a "Dimensional Rift" is, but if it's dangerous as she said...
Then it's not fair for any of you to risk your lives because she doesn't want to do it!
HUEY: I agree. We should just go back to the city where we belong.
Besides, the tournament is going to start soon and if we don't show up we'll be in a lot of trouble!
Let's just go back home!
REINA: That look in your eye... You've already decided to do this.
So go on then! Risk your lives and be stupid!
HUEY: Reina, wait!
MELIA: Hm...
VENAM: Is there an issue?
MELIA: Hmmm...
No issue. I'm just trying to find exactly where these coordinates are.
From the look of things, we'll be on the Floria Region.
We'll be back on our home territory! It's been too long.
REN: It feels like forever since we've been back on our island.
MELIA: Ah! Found it!
Looks like we're heading towards the Goldenleaf area.
REN: Oh... Uh, awkward.
VENAM: What's wrong Ren? Scared to show your face around your hometown?
REN: Cut it out, Venam. You know it's complicated...
VENAM: Yeah, joining Team Xen IS something you don't want to tell your family about.
But don't worry, I'll keep the secret quiet for you.
REN: Ha-ha. Your banter is so hilarious.
ERIN: Oh good, you guys haven't left yet.
VENAM: We're just about to. We just wanted to settle where exactly we were going.
ERIN: Good. Preparation leads to success.
Anyway, I wanted to give you three these.
MELIA: Oh! These are Rotom phones!
ERIN: Yeah, with these we can stay in touch when we need to.
If we truly are working as an organized team from this point on, we're going to need to function like one.
REN: Makes sense.
Alrighty, I guess that's all we needed to discuss for now, right guys?
We should head out.
MELIA: Yep! We're all set to head out.
ERIN: Gotcha. Good luck out there you three.
VENAM: We won't need luck. But thanks anyway.
MELIA: Bye, Erin! Please be careful out there.
ERIN: You too. If any of you die... I'll find your soul and kill you again.
REN: Roger!
Activate the Interceptor's Wish?
MELIA: \PN...? I can feel your power! Thank you!
\ts[1]Melia, Ren and Venam head over to the Goldenleaf area.
VENAM: Damn, this storm really is rough.
MELIA: Maybe we should find a Gate and bum it out for the night?
REN: ...
That won't be necessary, we're close to Goldenleaf Town.
We can stay there for the night and wait for the storm to subside.
Our previous village Chief, Zalos, died a few years ago...
Ever since that day, his son Damien has taken charge of the village.
Because of him and Flora, this place has been 10x better than what it used to be.
We owe the both of them our lives.
Have you heard of the man named Ryland?
He and his brother used to live here with us, but they both left us.
Ryland went to go live in Alamissa Urben, and his brother went off to leave the Badlands.
Excuse me, but my dream is to stare at a yacht all day.
Do you happen to have a yacht?
Y-You have a yacht?!
Could you do me a favor and use the small port here?
I would like to see your yacht displayed here! Please display your yacht here!
Yachtzee! Thank you! Please bring it around now!
That's a shame...
Your yacht is beautiful! Thank you for this!
"Sashila Inn."
GOOMINK: Goomink is scared, but Goomink determined too! Krakapow!
Are you ready to go, \PN?
GOOMINK: \PN so cool! \PN very cool!!
Let us set sail!!
GOOMINK: Hm? Where Yacht? Maybe ask nice man over there for one?
VENAM: We were just about to head out. We were going over our route.
Alright, I guess that's all we needed to discuss for now, right guys?
MELIA: Yep! We're all set to move on out.
KANON: Ah, Erin. Are you ready to depart? Alexandra and Damien are waiting for us at the dock.
ERIN: ...Sigh.
Can't believe we have to go all the way to freaking Terajuma.
KANON: On the bright side, it's a straight shot south from here.
And we won't need to stop anywhere to refuel.
I expect to reach there by the end of today, so it won't be too much af a hassle.
ERIN: Yay... Let's just get this over with.
<ac>Approximately 1 day later...</ac>
Miss Alexandra finally returned to Sashila after so long!
But she hasn't returned with that little girl she ran away with.
Whenever I tried to bring it up, I would get silenced immediately.
Hm...
CLAYDOL: Clayydoo!
VENAM: I'm thinking of ways we could prepare for our attack.
Maybe I should go catch better Pokemon. Stronger ones.
...But I love my team right now. I couldn't possibly replace these idiots.
Hm... Maybe I should go back to my roots and train down in the Abandoned Sewers.
Uh, I guess they're not so abandoned now, though...
Sigh, it's not the same anymore.
Wow... People from the mainland? That's not something you see everyday!
Please forgive us if we stare... We don't see outsiders very often.
REINA: So like, in fantasy stories and all that, the Chief lives in the center of the village.
But when the village has a scaling structure like this one, they're at the top of the village.
Let's look around and find this Chief!
It's quite late out, isn't it? Our people prefer to stay inside when it gets so dark.
The Cacnea tend to roam and cause mischief at night.
Maybe it's because the sun dries them out?
Wow! You look so different from everyone! Can I touch your hair?
AELITA: Today's the day \PN. We're all going our separate ways!
I think the others are still asleep. It's still early morning, after all!
But since we're the new leaders of the group, we're going to have to be on our top game always.
So, that being said, let's go over a game plan before we continue.
The coordinates we were given land directly on Axis High University...
We were in the Courtyard all that time ago, but we never did go inside the school because it was off limits.
We have a meeting with Hazuki tomorrow at night so we should hang by the apartments until then.
Oh yeah! I was also meant to give you this but I totally forgot!
AELITA: Now that we have these, we can communicate with each other whenever we need to!
A nifty device imported into the region by Alexandra herself.
Alright... With that settled, I think we can finally get a move on.
Let's go!
<ac>After waiting a day at the apartment...</ac>
GOOMINK: Goomink is very happy! We should head back to-
???: Ugh, really?
GOOMINK: Hm...?
GOOMINK: Oh! It's nice researcher lady! Thank you for the coordinates!
Goomink and \PN banded together and defeated the mighty beast!
RESEARCHER: Yeah, I know. You were SUPPOSED to die down there.
GOOMINK: Yeah! Goomink and- Excuse me?
RESEARCHER?: You weren't supposed to make it back here.
Ugh, do I have to spell it out for you?
Fine, take a close look!
ANN: Remember me, \PN? Probably not. I was the Grunt who guarded those Ampharos on Terajuma.
That mission would've succeeded if Drew wasn't such an idiot!
Anyway, if you needed a recap... I'm part of Team AA. Got it?
???: My name is Ann, and I'm a part of Team AA.
GOOMINK: Team AA?? Wait that mean...
ANN: That's right! You're so smart! I've tricked you two!
You really didn't think it was weird that I conveniently just knew what you were talking about Goomink?
GOOMINK: Goomink just think you were nice lady, but you're just SMELLY.
ANN: That's not very nice, Goomink. Oh well, I was told to teach you all a lesson. So I guess that's just what I'll do~!
GOOMINK: Goomink MAD!
GOOMINK: Goomink REAL HERO now! Goomink will make you pay!
ANN: Sigh, if that's how you want it. But I won't lose!
What...? How could...
GOOMINK: Yarhar! Goomink WIN. Goomink's power is amazing!
ANN: Yikes... This Goomy... actually got strong? Well whatever.
All I was ordered to do was to stall you, at the very least.
GOOMINK: S-Stall? Goomink tricked again?
ANN: Bingo! I bet you haven't even thought about your 'lil kingdom at all!
But while you were out here playing "hero", we got busy.
GOOMINK: Say it not so! Goomink away from village while it attacked?
ANN: Yep! Better hurry back before it's too late. The secret hidden within the castle will be ours before long!
GOOMINK: GROOOAHH!! GOOMINK ANGRY! We have to get back to Kingdom of Goomidra at once!!
GOOMINK: But how... Goomink finally become hero!
ANN: More like Goomink finally reached zero!
To think you wasted all this time out here working towards an impossible goal.
And for what? Nothing but a ruined kingdom and a pathetic Goomy.
GOOMINK: Wha-What you mean ruined kingdom? Did something happen to Goomidra?!
ANN: As we speak we're already infiltrating the castle!
It won't be long until we've gotten our hands on the secret in the castle!
But I gotta go! Have fun!
GOOMINK: This can't be happening... Goomink spend too much time out of kingdom!
Goomidra, please be okay!
Go where?
I suppose you're here to face Ryland and or Adam?
Unfortunately Adam isn't here and Ryland is busy with other things.
What's that? I can't believe an outsider is in our village, and at night!
I usually like to keep to myself because I already know everyone here.
But you're a new face, and that really makes me happy.
Here, take this as thanks for talking to me.
I found this while hanging by the coast. Please use it for something neat.
Are you what they call a "Pokemon Trainer"? I wanna be one of those when I grow up!
HUEY: Something about this village just seems really familiar to me.
Familiar in a kinda nostalgic way? Not sure.
Welcome to Sashila Village, friends! We're glad to see that outsiders are finally starting to visit us!
"Sashila Gym | Leaders Adam and Ryland!"
Have you been to the Ruined City? It's just east of here, but...
I wouldn't recommend going... Just take my word for it.
NOVAE: Are you ready to battle with me?
NOVAE: I'm happy! Let's get started right away!
NOVAE: I shall be waiting for you here.
NOVAE: Ah...! \PN, what are you doing here?
It's been so long since we've last seen each other...
It's good to see that you're still doing well, though!
I must admit, this is the last place I'd expect to see you.
But if you're here, that must mean that this is fate.
I haven't had a good battle since our last. So please, spar with me once more!
Ah, and such is fate.
NOVAE: I definitely did get stronger, but I'm still not where I want to be.
I appreciate that you're always there to battle, but...
N-No, nevermind. It's not important. Thank you for your help.
I hope we see each other soon, \PN.
"I need To Get Stronger..." task completed!
Yes
No
Your services?
People
Places
Aelita
Tesla
Karen
None, thanks.
You look different!
Is that really you?
I wish for peace
I don't know...
...
Alright...
No Thanks.
On second thought...
Teila Resort
Kristiline Town
Terajuma Shore
More
Oceana Pier
Secret Shore
Akuwa Town
None
Sure!
Hold on a sec...
[Map517]
My wife kicked me out, and that's not usually a problem, but...
The inn is full for the first time in years... This is bad.
MARTEN: If only there was a way to \c[6]return to the past and look for "Orian Lake".
Then all of this would be easy.
MARTEN: Hyu'ro's so foolish... How could he do something so dumb?!
\PN, you must find him!
MARTEN: So Hyu'ro's gone? I... wish I didn't push him to this point.
I've gotten too deep into my research that I didn't consider how it might've impacted his mental state.
But that's neither here nor there. You've done your job and im grateful.
Thank you so much for your help, \PN.
"Legend of the Void" Help request completed!
MARTEN: Hyu'ro and I have decided to end our investigation.
I don't think it's healthy for him to go through all of this. I won't do it to him.
And with that being said, that ends this whole request.
MARTEN: There's nothing left here. I may just give up my research.
Or perhaps take a hiatus... I don't know. I'm just... lost now.
MARTEN: I'm glad Hyu'ro is safe, but I somehow doubt his feelings.
I can't control him, but he's been a good friend. I wouldn't want to see him hurt.
CLERK: Welcome to our research center!
This is where those who are thirsty for knowledge come to learn!
Can I help you with something? If not, I'd ask that you leave.
HYU'RO: Back for more questions, I see...
HYU'RO: Allegedly. I don't know too much about all that stuff myself, truthfully.
All I remember is seeing a black sky, and then these things... floating around.
Actually... One thing I do remember is the long walk I did.
I'm not really sure how long I walked, but it seemed endless...
After that, things went black and I was found by some of the people of this village.
HYU'RO: That's because I'm not a native.
I was found in the Voidal Chasm about...\| Ten years ago at this point?
I couldn't remember anything. My past, my name, my birthday...
So the people of the village gave me a place to stay and a new name.
I've been helping this place out ever since. It's a little hot, but I like it here.
HYU'RO: You're asking if I have any Pokemon? No, sorry, I don't really like Pokemon.
They're kinda weird, and they don't really make any sense, yeah?
I mean, I don't hate 'em or anything. If one wanted me to pet them, I would.
But I wouldn't own any.
HYU'RO: See ya.
???: Can I help you with something? If not, I'd ask that you leave.
HYU'RO: Huh? You're actually here to ask me a few questions...?
I see... If that's the case, then please ask me.
I was found by the Voidal Chasm about ten years ago at this point?
I was found in the Voidal Chasm about ten years ago at this point?
HYU'RO: "Orian Lake"... Somehow I feel like that name isn't... complete.
I have a headache, I'm sorry.
HYU'RO: Huh? You have something for me?
HYU'RO: Th-This postcard! "Gregorian Lake"... That's... the name of that place!
Helena!
HYU'RO: Where... Where did that name come from?
Wait... I remember now! I wasn't alone in the chasm!
I was with... a woman named Helena. We became separated...
I have to find her! I have to find Helena!
HYU'RO: Marten and I had a long talk. We've decided that I'm going to give up trying to remember my past.
It's filled with too many painful memories. And I think... I think I like the new me.
So I think I'll just live among the villagers and just be a normal person.
HYU'RO: By the way, I remembered one last thing while on my way to the Voidal Chasm.
I remember when I was in the void with Helena... She was pregnant.
And I believe at some point, she did give birth to my son.
We named him after Gregorian Lake. He was our hope.
...
I... I'm sorry. I can't talk about this anymore. This is all in the past.
ALEXANDRA: UM......
What are you guys doing in my room?!
HUEY: Hey! It looks like we're back in Sashila!
Yay!
REN: It's kind of a long story...
ALEXANDRA: The gem hanging on the wall is a Timesplicer Crystal?
And you four came in from the past through it?
Hm... I see... I see... I've concluded that.
I probably need a drink, because I am stressed the heck out.
REN: Hey, how about we not... resort to that.
ALEXANDRA: I'm just surprised. That crystal has been passed down my family for generations.
Not once did anything like what you've described have happened. Ever.
It's not that I don't believe you. Ryland came here earlier and told me how you guys disappeared in a flash of white light.
And now that you're all right here, that means that you mustn't be lying or anything.
I have a headache, I'm sorry. I'm losing it. I need to step out for a minute.
REINA: Well that went well!
HUEY: Yeah, you think she'll invite us over for Christmas?
OH! Do you think they get tall cacti instead of trees? Since you know, it's the desert?
REINA: Oh yeah! Then you decorate it with those weird flowers you're unsure are poisonous or not?
It's like a game! Oops! Just touched an extremely poisonous flower! Time to die!!
REN: Can you guys, you know, not?
REINA: Whoops, sorry.
HUEY: We go on tangents a lot.
REN: Yeah, I can see that. Let's go already.
REINA: You done sleeping? Good! Alexandra said she's ready.
We're going to meet her at the very tippy top of Sashila Village.
Not too hard to find. Don't be late!
We've raided the strange house south of the village for parts and various other things.
But we've pretty much taken everything we really want.
Do you want the key to the place?
Please, take it!
All you gotta do to find the house is follow the coast right outside of Sashila.
Hopefully you find something you like!
If you ever want it, please speak to me!
MARTEN: I've placed a request for help at our community center just a few days back.
But unfortunately, most people in the village downright refuse to dabble with the things I'm investigating.
MARTEN: Ah, you're here to investigate the Void with me, yes?
Ah, so your name is \PN then...?
Good, good... I believe our work will help us understand what its purpose is.
Now, before we continue, are you familiar with the Void?
MARTEN: Wonderful, then this makes things much easier.
I actually want you to see the effects of the void firsthand, so...
First thing I'll have you do is visit someone named Hyu'ro in the village.
He's a man who was found in the chasm ten years ago, but...
It seems like he was roaming the void for more than thirty years.
Go visit him and ask him a few questions about his experience, then come back.
MARTEN: I'd be happy to! What would you like to know?
MARTEN: We don't have an exact date on when the Void was formed...
But based on research gathered by myself and a couple of my colleagues...
\c[6]We can determine that the Void opened up during the Calamity.
But only a small part of it opened at that point.
The bigger crevice we know today opened up during the attack on Alamissa.
The cause is unknown at this point, but we're working on it.
MARTEN: The void is a very dangerous place.
I'm sure you've heard that people who fall in, don't come out?
Well, that's a half-truth. It is possible to crawl out of the void if you fall close enough to the exit.
That being said, if you fall too far from the exit, you may find yourself lost in it forever.
Before I continue, are you familiar with the concept of a Mystery Dungeon?
MARTEN: Good to know! The Voidal Chasm is actually a Mystery Dungeon.
A Mystery Dungeon is a labyrinth that can change its formation each time you enter.
So it's impossible to create maps, or plan out a route beforehand.
The Voidal Chasm is a Mystery Dungeon.
At least, part of it is. The first three floors of the Voidal Chasm are always the same.
But if you go any deeper, you'll enter a labyrinth you cannot escape from.
Lastly, the Voidal Chasm is not only a dungeon, but a parasite.
People who find themselves lost in the dungeon sometimes feel some degree of sickness.
That's because the area is actively draining your life force.
The chasm seems to cling onto living beings so that it can sustain itself.
For that reason, if you stay in the area for too long,\c[6] you'll lose everything about yourself.
It will drain your energy, your personality, your memories, and everything else in between.
But it will never cause someone to die... That's the scary part.
In this place, you will not die from old age, you will not die from illness...
It will keep you alive and have you roam for eternity. A fate worse than death, if you ask me.
MARTEN: Now that you've gotten that entire lecture from me, I want you to see just what the Void is capable of.
There's a man in the village named Hyu'ro. He was found in the Void ten years ago.
Considering his mental state, it seems like he was down there for quite some time.
MARTEN: That's a shame.
MARTEN: \PN, welcome back. What do you need from me?
MARTEN: I want you to see the effects of the void firsthand, so...
First thing I'll have you do is visit a man named Hyu'ro in the village.
MARTEN: Questions about the void? I can certainly answer some of them!
\PN told Marten everything.
MARTEN: I see... Just as I thought. He can't remember anything from his past.
But does that mean they're gone for good?
Alright time for your second task!
I'm going to need you to go to the Voidal Chasm and try to look for something Hyu'ro might've dropped.
We found him on the second floor. He was mumbling to himself about something he lost.
Maybe if we find something that he owned, he'll remember something!
MARTEN: If Hyu'ro can't remember his past, then we're going to make him!
See if you can find anything that might be something Hyu'ro owned!
MARTEN: Greetings, \PN. Did you find anything useful?
MARTEN: Ah! So you found a toolkit? He does kind of dress like a construction worker, doesn't he?
It also has a name scribbled on the side of it...
Alright, it's decided. I'm going to head over to Hyu'ro's house. Meet me there!
ALEXANDRA: Dearest friends... You have all come very far.
Throughout this month long process, we've had revelations.
We've learned that the soul of Arceus not only dwells divided within four of our own, but within \PN too.
And thus, we have been brought together by fate.
To thwart the evil of Team Xen and the evils that lurk within.
Today we have recognized your skill, and as such, we would like to reward you.
With this.
VENAM: Wait, sick... We get our own Mega Ring?
DAMIEN: It took a while to find enough stones for all of you, but I managed.
You can all thank me later. You've all gotten a lot stronger in a matter of weeks.
Gotta say, I'm impressed.
MELIA: Thank you so much! This is going to help us out a ton.
ALICE: Mine is so pretty! It's all lavender and sparkly!
ALLEN: Now that we have these, what do we do?
ALEXANDRA: Before we get to that, there's something else I'd like to announce.
Damien and I cannot and will not be by your side at all times.
Because of this, we've actually chosen a leader for your group.
And through this, we've decided that the one who should be the leader is...
Aelita.
AELITA: M-Me?!
MELIA: Congratulations, Aelita!
VENAM: No problems here! You'll do a kickass job, don't worry.
ERIN: Heh... Aelita, if you would step forward.
ALEXANDRA: *Cough*... There's more~...
We actually... have two leaders this time around.
Based on Erin's info and calculations, there are two people here who are on an equal level.
In fact, both of these people have been integral during the battle at Eclysia.
So it is my pleasure to announce that not only has Aelita been chosen,\| but \PN!
DAMIEN: Please step forward, \PN.
MELIA: Yay, \PN!
ALICE: Two leaders...? Huh? That's so weird...
ERIN: Based on my deductions, \PN and Aelita's skill level are constantly consistent with each other.
Every test you've taken here has scored you points. This is regardless of whether you've passed or failed.
Both \PN and Aelita have finished with the highest, and coincidentally, the same exact scores.
And since Aelita and \PN have been fighting Team Xen the most, it felt like the right decision.
AELITA: W-We'll do our best to make sure we're successful in our mission!
REN: You're going to do great, \PN!
VENAM: Heh, yeah. You'd do pretty well. You never disappoint us.
ERIN: Well, believe it. It's true and you should accept your position.
ALEXANDRA: Uh... yes.
ALLEN: Yeah, very cool!
ALICE: So inspirational!
REN: It's a little better than "cool", but alright.
ALEXANDRA: Anyway, now that that's done. We may now continue onto our objective.
ERIN: We were finally able to decode the coordinates of those components.
Starting tomorrow, we're splitting up into three search parties.
That is, with the exception of Alice and Allen. They have their Gym duties to attend to.
ALICE: Yes, we've even picked out a location for our Gym.
Venam suggested we take over the abandoned one in Oblitus Town, and we agree!
ALLEN: Yeah, so we're going to make our way down there and start setting things up.
VENAM: Man, I was just joking... But whatever makes you happy.
ERIN: Are we all settled then? Good. Then everyone's dismissed.
As for \PN and Aelita, we're going to need to discuss our duties immediately.
Please meet us down in the league administration main office.
AELITA: Got it!
???: Out of all the places you could've gone, this is the place you chose?
???: I'm tired of running... I'm here to face things directly.
ALEXANDRA: Things will work out if we just talk about it.
DAMIEN: Alexandra, what are you even plan-
ALEXANDRA: Ah!
DAMIEN: What?
DAMIEN: Huh? I thought you said they'd be here tomorrow?
ALEXANDRA: \PN, my friend! It's so good to see you!
ALEXANDRA: Ah, \PN. You made it!
If you're here, that means Kanon was able to find you?
HUEY: Did you find the Chief, \PN?
ALEXANDRA: ...Huh?
I'm sorry, but I'm a little confused. Who are these two?
REINA: I'm Reina, and this is Huey. Nice to meet you.
HUEY: Hi!
ALEXANDRA: Please forgive me, but I did not request anyone other than \PN.
HUEY: Request? What are you talking about?
We got into this huge ruckus with some Bladestar Grunts and they teleported us into this... chasm?
So we didn't really come here because you requested anyone.
ALEXANDRA: You all fell into the Voidal Chasm?!
But, I see... That means Kanon was not the one who brought you here.
Consider yourselves very lucky.
People who fall into the chasm, seldom make it out.
That being said, it must be fate that you ended up in this village, \PN.
As I requested Kanon to find you and bring you here in the first place.
DAMIEN: Alexandra, leave these children out of this.
You're involving them in something that they shouldn't be responsible for.
ALEXANDRA: I can't say anything for Reina and Huey, but \PN has been involved in this long before my request.
DAMIEN: Sister, please. I understand your position, but...
It's my job to protect you, so let me deal with this instead.
ALEXANDRA: ...
DAMIEN: Everyone, I'm going to have to ask you to leave immediately.
REINA: We want to leave, but we can't leave by ourselves, Birdbrain!
DAMIEN: B-Birdbrain?!
REINA: Yes, BIRDBRAIN. If you're rude, I'll be rude back.
All we want is for someone to escort us back to Grand Dream City.
DAMIEN: A-And I will gladly do it. Just don't waste time and meet me outside.
ALEXANDRA: \PN, please stay. This is really important.
There's something I want to prove to Damien, but I'm still waiting on two other people to arrive.
I ask that you at least remain here until tomorrow.
HUEY: \PN, I think you should stay and hear what she has to say.
Maybe we should stay for at least a night.
Whaddya say, Reina?
REINA: ...Sigh, I guess sticking around for at least one night wouldn't hurt.
ALEXANDRA: Thank you. Y-You won't regret this, I promise.
I have to run some errands now, but I'll be back tomorrow.
ALEXANDRA: \PN, my friend... Thank you for coming.
ALEXANDRA: \PN... Thank you for coming.
DAMIEN: \PN, I would like to thank you for finding Alexandra.
But I would also like to thank Ren for fending off her attacker.
REN: It was no problem... I just did what I had to do.
DAMIEN: As for you, Alexandra. Please, tell me your thought process here.
Because I'm going to be brutally honest here. You're looking like a giant idiot here.
You're just going to believe anything anyone ever tells you?
ALEXANDRA: I'm sorry I'm a human being who wants to help people who need it.
DAMIEN: What a saint. You could've just sent me after them.
After all it's my job to complete tasks like that.
ALEXANDRA: Sigh...
Whatever, that's in the past. I don't want to dwell on it anymore.
As for what I called you here for.
HUEY: Oh, are we interrupting something?
ALEXANDRA: Um, Damien? Who's the boy with the fiery hair?
DAMIEN: Another friend of \PN.
REN: Reina... You should really stand outside for this one.
REINA: Nu-uh, I'm not going anywhere, Ren! Not until you give me a proper explanation.
HUEY: W-Wait, Ren... As in your brother?? The one you were looking for?
REINA: Uh... yeah.
KANON: Sorry, Alexandra. I told them only \PN was requested, but they tailed us.
ALEXANDRA: N-No, it's okay. More friends! They're more than welcome here.
Listen, I had an entire speech prepared. I even invited an old friend, but...
It looks like he didn't show up, unfortunately.
There's something I need to ask of \PN and Ren. Something I can only trust these two to do.
REINA: Yikes, I'm feeling a little left out here.
KANON: You and Huey aren't even supposed to be here so shush.
HUEY: He's got us there, Reina.
REINA: Hmph.
ALEXANDRA: Like I was saying before, there's a task I only trust \PN and Ren with.
\PN do you know what Zone Zero is?
It's the ruins of a city that used to be the pinnacle of Aevium's development.
But during the tragedy, it was completely wiped out.
Well, beyond Zone Zero is Eclysia Pyramid. It used to sleep beneath the ground, but was mysteriously unearthed recently.
Within Eclysia Pyramid, the Spring of Rejuvenation lies.
I... I need to get to that spring as fast as possible. Which is where you come in.
REN: Do you need us to escort you there or something?
ALEXANDRA: I don't need an escort, no. However, I require you all to take care of something.
I tried to get there on my own a while ago, but I was met with a massive sandstorm.
It is not unusual for this area to have sandstorms, but this was a very different phenomenon.
It was stronger, denser, more violent, and seemingly never ending.
That's when I saw it. The thing creating the entire thing!
It was a being of the Rift.
REN: A Dimensional Rift?? In the desert? I don't remember Nastasia telling me about a Rift being in the desert...
ALEXANDRA: That's because Team Xen does not control this Rift.
It is under the control of Bladestar.
REN: It seems like Bladestar has technology to create Rifts now too.
ALEXANDRA: I believe this to be the reason why my friend I mentioned earlier did not show.
Ryland, my friend, is an Admin of Bladestar.
REN: And lemme guess... You want \PN and I to destroy the Rift so that the storm will subside?
ALEXANDRA: Yes, you two have the experience needed to accomplish this mission.
REN: I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I've seen the way you battle, Alexandra.
Your strength is... terrifying. I don't understand why you would need our help?
ALEXANDRA: Please forgive this selfish statement.
But if anything were to happen to me... I cannot afford... to die now.
DAMIEN: If only you followed that sentiment earlier today.
REN: I... understand.
REINA: There's just no way you said that. Am I hearing wrong?
You're just fine with killing off my brother and \PN just to save yourself?
Give me one reason I shouldn't walk over there and slap the shit-
REN: Reina, you're not involved. Stop it.
REINA: Are you just going to let her-
REN: I am. I've already decided.
ALEXANDRA: Ren...
DAMIEN: Honestly, Alexandra. Just let me take care of the damn Rift.
Why go out of your way to involve these children?
Children that have NOTHING to do with ANY of this!
ALEXANDRA: I've learned that \PN has been a part of taking down numerous Rifts and Xen members.
Even going as far as to gain the title of the "Team Xen Destroyer".
And Ren is part of Team Xen himself.
I cannot see how they are not involved.
And they will continue to be involved. Even if I didn't send them off.
DAMIEN: ...
I just... don't know what to say to you anymore.
ALEXANDRA: *Sigh*...
REN: Don't worry, Alexandra. I'll take care of the mission.
I don't know about \PN, but...
I will head out for Alamissa Urben and then Zone Zero first thing tomorrow.
ALEXANDRA: Thank you so much, Ren. I really appreciate it.
ALEXANDRA: I don't expect you to understand or trust me, but I'm begging you.
Please accompany Ren to Zone Zero.
If it's a reward you're worried about, then don't. I already have one prepared for you both.
Damien told me about the conversation he had with you at the hospital, so...
I will also tell you more about... I believe she calls herself Nim now.
That being said, you are welcome to stay in the village tonight.
I've arranged a room for you all down at the Inn. It isn't much, but it's all we have.
Please consider what I've asked of you. It's for the good of everyone.
ALEXANDRA: It looks like we're all here then.\| Welcome, friends.
ERIN: So, why'd you call us all the way here? What did you want to talk about?
ALEXANDRA: I'm just going to get right into it. You won't find any more hesitation from me.
Ren gave me a letter. A letter that was addressed to the descendant of Nymiera, from Nymiera.
\PN, Huey, Reina, and Ren found this during their time in Hiyoshi.
I read every single line,\| twice,\| so that I didn't misread anything stated.
ALEXANDRA: Going forward, I require your trust, so to do so, I will be truthful about myself.
My name is Alexandra Rhaela. I am a member of the Elite 8.
The highest ranking member, actually. Number one.
VENAM: Y-You? You're part of the Elite 8?!
ALICE: I only vaguely know what that means!
ALLEN: I'll explain what that means later, don't worry.
ALEXANDRA: Yes, and as for the Champion, and the one who created the League itself...
Was my mother,\|\c[6] Celine.\| Celine Rhaela.
MELIA: Your mother is the Champion?!
VENAM: At this point I thought the Champion didn't exist. There's been no talk of them at all.
I think I even remember rhetorically asking you about the Champion on the Grand Express...
It really is a small world out there.
ALEXANDRA: I remember that as well. To elaborate on my mother, I'm going to have to explain why the League came to be.
DAMIEN: The League itself is\c[6] superficial.
This all began over 7 years ago, when our mother went to the top of Mt. Ruin.
Before Mt. Ruin was taken over by Team Xen, it belonged to our people.
On the top of this mountain, an annual ritual took place there. Upon completion, the mountain would present two stones.
That being the Dark Stone, and the Light Stone.
GOOMINK: Hrk...
Hrggnh?
GOOMINK: \PN! Where \PN find Goomink? ...Where is Goomink?
Goomink see... Goomink end up in Sashila Village.
But Sashila Village in Badlands, no? That mean Goomink make it to destination!
How Goomink get here though... Goomink have trouble remembering...
GOOMINK: GOOMINK REMEMBER!
GOOMINK: Yes, Goomink remember now. Goomink was attacked.
By huge fish Pokemon! It was so scary! Goomink blacked out.
This is so embarrassing for Goomink. How Goomink supposed to become hero now?
Goomink travel far and wide only to be beaten up by scarred whale creature!
???: Um, excuse me, did you say... Scarred whale creature?
???: Sorry, I couldn't help but overhear your conversation.
You said something about a large scarred whale creature, correct?
GOOMINK: Yes, Goomink say exactly that.
???: Ah, then you must be speaking of Kawopudunga!
GOOMINK: Kawopuhuh? Huge whale that creature?
???: Kawopudunga, yes. You see, I'm a researcher here at Sashila Village.
Specifically on marine life-- Anyway, Kawopudunga is a fierce beast.
Long ago, the Blakeory's used to poach Wailord for their blubber.
Kawopudunga was the one Wailord that succeeded in fighting back.
But because of the attack, it became overly aggressive and hostile.
If an unlucky sailor somehow crossed paths with Kawopudunga, well...
They would be a sailor no more!
GOOMINK: Goomink see...
Goomink know how to become a hero!\| Goomink must defeat Kawopudunga!!!!!
RESEARCHER: H-Haha, you can't be serious, right?
You've seen it yourself, haven't you? How fearsome that thing is?
The fact that you're still here in one piece is a miracle! Please cherish your life!
GOOMINK: Or Goomink survive because Goomink destined to quell foul beast!
RESEARCHER: You look very... determined. Looks like I can't stop you then...
In that case, I can tell you where it lives.
GOOMINK: Oh! Oh please tell Goomink! Goomink forever in your debt!
RESEARCHER: Ah, but silly me... Your optimism made me too hasty.
I only know of its coordinates. That won't do you two too well.
If you had a yacht with auto-pilot capabilities, this wouldn't be a problem, but...
RESEARCHER: Oh?? Oh?? You do have a Yacht with auto-pilot capabilities?
What a coincidence-- No, not a coincidence. This must be fate!
Alright, here are the coordinates!!
The researcher gave \PN the coordinates.
RESEARCHER: Please be careful! Like I said, that's a fearsome beast.
GOOMINK: Goomink happy! Very very happy! Goomink will become hero!
Please come talk to Goomink outside whenever you're ready!
BONSLY: Bon!
My dad is a researcher! He studies this place called the Boidal Castems!
The name sounds really funny! I hope it's a place for kids!
KANON: Alexandra has good intentions. Please believe in her.
Before we moved to Sashila Village, we had to fight for our lives daily.
It was actually illegal for any of us to have children due to the scarcity of food and drinkable water.
REINA: I can't believe that skank told Ren he should die instead of her.
HUEY: Um, that's not really what she said. I mean, it's implied I guess...
She doesn't want Ren or \PN to die. She just can't risk doing it herself.
REINA: Man, whatever.
KAREN: Nngh...\| What's...\| What's going on?
KAREN: Oh...! Little Dove, is that really you?
Wait a second... I recognize this place. This is the Sashila Village inn.
Hold on...\| Am I back to normal??
But how did I get back to normal? I thought the curse overtook my mind completely...
Little Dove, where did you find me?
\PN explained everything to Karen.
KAREN: I see... So you found me knocked out at Alamissa...
Yes, actually, I do remember going there. Everything that happened after I arrived is a blur.
I visited Alamissa because I got a note from someone saying they wanted to meet with me.
Me being in an... altered state, I made a reckless decision and actually accepted the offer.
I remember a flash of green light and then... Now I'm here, back to normal.
Huh? What's this in my pocket?
Oh, it's a note.\| Lovely.
"Dear Karen, I have taken something precious from you.
If you want it back, meet me at Castle Zygara immediately."
KAREN: Took something precious from me... What could they me-
I see, well, that's unfortunate. No matter, I'll just have to get it back.
Little Dove, have you ever been to the Zorrialyn Crypt?
KAREN: Ah, so I take it that you've seen that door in the far back of the room?
KAREN: The Zorrialyn Labyrinth, silly. It's the cave that's along the coast.
Anyway, on the final floor there's a door that's blocked off.
The door won't open under normal circumstances, but if you say this incantation: "Trowen Ma' Acneeth!", it will.
You should try doing it yourself sometime.
Until then, thanks for bringing me here.
Better not go down here...
Have you visited Alamissa Urben? If you haven't, you should.
It's where we used to live many years ago. A difficult time.
HUEY: Are you okay?
REINA: I'm just fine.
HUEY: Hey Reina, have you seen the books in this place? Haha.
They got so many wacky things! Huh? They all look handwritten, too.
Guess there's not much to do out here so everyone just writes down their own thoughts.
Oh hey, take a look at this one!
"How to cook a live-"
HUEY: Uaaghh!
never mind! That's a bad one!
Haha, Reina, \PN, take a look at this one!
REINA: Sorry, Huey, I don't really feel like socializing right now.
HUEY: Hey, what's wrong? C'mon you can tell meeeee!
REINA: I'm sorry, I just... I'm thinking about things that are really upsetting me.
HUEY: Is it about Ren?
REINA: You guys are going to think I'm crazy.
HUEY: Well you gotta tell us something before we make that decision.
REINA: Hm... Okay, I guess I'll tell you.
Before my mom had Ren and I, she went to an oracle in Grand Dream City.
She was young and dumb. Just wanted to have fun.
Ya know, get your readings and see how many kids you have, whatever.
The oracle said something really peculiar. She said something about the future of her children.
"Be wary, for your children shall clash. One will fight for a bright future, and one will seek to destroy it".
Of course, my mom laughed it off and went home.
My mom thought she was talking out of her ass when she said "children", because she was only expecting one child.
But it turned out that she was having twins. Ren and I.
HUEY: You and Ren are twins?? I mean, I guess I can see it now that you mention it.
He's two hours older, but yeah. Pretty much.
I believe in the supernatural. I like believing in tarot cards, fairy tales and legends like that.
So for someone like me to hear that... I was... worried to say the least.
For a long time I thought I had Ren under control.
Everything seemed fine until one day he just got up and left.
He left without telling me, or my mom, or anyone.
HUEY: That's when you went off to look for him then...
REINA: Yeah, and now I've found him, but I'm too late.
He joined Team Xen. I wasn't there to keep him on the path. It's all my fault...
My brother... What happened to you...
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
Mommy always tells me to never visit the Voidal Chasm because there are scary monsters in there!
CLERK: Hello, what would you like to inquire about?
CLERK: Sorry, but you already have a quest active.
Would you like me to cancel your current objective?
WOMAN: Alright, I've canceled it. If you want to retake it, just select it again.
WOMAN: Silly, this task was already completed. Thank you, by the way!
This help request has already been answered.
Accept this request?
"MARTEN: Please meet me at my house in Sashila Village!
It's located on the ground floor, to the left."
Help request accepted.
WOMAN: Erm, just going to the Ruined City won't really do you much good.
They have a nasty Vileplume that knocks you out if you get too close.
Perhaps there's something we can do about that?
I'd recommend heading to the research center. You'll need to head to the top of the village and surf west.
WOMAN: Great, I'll mark you down for this one.
If you ask me, it sounds like this girl fell into the Voidal Chasm.
It's east of Alamissa Urben. Not too hard to find.
"???: I shall be waiting at the base of the village. Meet me there."
You must complete "Battle Me Again" first before starting this one.
You have completed the "Legend of The Void!" help request!
\GHere is your reward!
\PN received $12,500!
You have completed the "Badland Baddies!" help request!
\PN received $22,500!
You have completed the "I need to be stronger!" help request!
\PN received $32,500!
Oh wow, Scented Lure! That stuff is rarely made in Sashila despite originating here.
They say you can find a rare Pokemon in Sand Stream Cave with that thing.
I heard it's closed off right now, though. Try talking to the gatekeeper?
He's somewhere in the village.
You have completed the "My Sister Fell!" help request!
Sorry, but you haven't completed any help requests.
CLERK: Come again!
CLERK: There's nothing else I can give you now.
Thank you for all your hard work, \PN!
ALEXANDRA: Everything was fine... Everything was okay...
We were all getting stronger, and I think if we had just a little more time, Celine's plan would've been completely successful.
But it seems like Madame X figured that out just as we did.
And attacked Alamissa.
DAMIEN: Stories have been told about the reason why Team Xen attacked Alamissa.
But the true reason Alamissa was attacked, was to\c[6] kill the Champion of the Aevium League.
ALICE: I'm so sorry for your loss. Death is so...
ALEXANDRA: Uh... The thing is...\| Celine isn't dead.
VENAM: Huh? But...
ALEXANDRA: It'd be better if you saw.
ALEXANDRA: It's down this way.
ALEXANDRA: Damien, what's the situation?
DAMIEN: Something's forming at the top of the village.
Have all the people been put in their homes?
ALEXANDRA: Yes, I just got the last pair securely in their home.
Damien...\| Do you think we have to fight?
DAMIEN: That shouldn't concern you. You should be ready to at any moment.
ALEXANDRA: Yes... \|You're right, sorry.
DAMIEN: Don't apologize, just act.
ALEXANDRA: Damien, what is this?
DAMIEN: Do you remember what Father told us?
"The wretched storm will return, and it will curse us with its presence with a sign."
A storm like this? In Sashila- No, the entirety of the Badlands?
Things like this just don't happen, Alexandra.\|\c[6] This is a sign.
(ALEXANDRA: That's when she appeared, a blackened soul emerged from the core of the darkness.
As if it were born of pure malice.)
???: \v[12]...,\| watch out!
DAMIEN: Wh-What? It spoke!
???: Huh...? Where...\| Where am I?
Hazuki...\| Anju...
Where am I-
AGHHH!!
ALEXANDRA: ...Are you okay?
DAMIEN: What are you doing?! Stay away from that thing!
???: I?????? ?_?_??c_????a?????n??'???t???.????.?_?.???????
???: ...
???: Wind.
???: G???????G???!??G???G?_?????a? ???a?????a????l???l?????
ALEXANDRA: ...!
DAMIEN: Alex, stop being so careless! Don't just stand there!
Whatever this thing is, it's dangerous! We're gonna have to take it out!
ALEXANDRA: Right! I'm here!
???: N-n/???/e///d E?/????n??gy!///?//
(ALEXANDRA: With Damien, we were able to defeat it, but barely.)
(ALEXANDRA: It was an extremely tough fight, but we were able to fell it in the end.)
???: t//////????////oo////////// M////&&&&&&c&&&ch/.
DAMIEN: What's going on? Did we do it?
???: Hrgh...
???: Augghhh!!
ALEXANDRA: Damien!!
DAMIEN: You saw it, didn't you?!
Whatever that thing was... It retreated back into this thing!
If we kill whatever this is, we can end this once and for all!
\sh\c[7]ALEXANDRA: You're going to murder this girl?!
I won't stand for this slaughter.
???: I...
DAMIEN: Then sit down, and let me handle it.
ALEXANDRA: I won't allow this Damien. You'll have to go through me first.
DAMIEN: Alex, don't do this.
???: I...!
ALEXANDRA: You can't beat me.
\sh\c[7]???: Please stop fighting!
DAMIEN: She doesn't even know her own name?
ALEXANDRA: It doesn't matter, Damien. That's the end of that.
ALEXANDRA: No matter what you do, I won't let you have your way.
ALEXANDRA: Don't play dumb, Damien. You really wanted to seriously hurt her.
DAMIEN: Alex, that thing isn't human. It's going to destroy everything if we let it run amok.
ALEXANDRA: Please, tell me how you know that for sure.
DAMIEN: This decision isn't up to you.
ALEXANDRA: But it's up to you? Stop being so self-righteous!
DAMIEN: You clearly don't have what it takes to do what you must for survival.
Fine then, if that's how it is... We'll let the people in the village decide.
Whatever the conclusion is, we both must abide by it.
Got it?
ALEXANDRA: ...Fine. I understand.
ALEXANDRA: The council came to their decision, and voted to have Nim executed.
But I couldn't let it happen. Something told me to keep her alive.
Within the deepest pit of my heart, I knew that's what Nymiera wanted me to do.
In the middle of the night, after the council's hearing, I took Nim and fled the village.
Damien caught up to us quickly, and I could do nothing but put Nim on a train and buy time.
WOMAN: Huh? I haven't seen you around these parts before...
That means you're a foreigner, right? Very interesting!
Are you wondering what this place is?
WOMAN: I bet you were! Of course you were!
WOMAN: Oh come now! There's no reason to be that way!
I'm sure you're familiar with the concepts of Help Centers, right?
Huh? They're called Help Plazas? Whatever!
This place is the same as that, but we're our own business.
I have tasks for you, and you complete them for a reward, yeah?
If you're interested, talk to me while I'm behind the counter!
DAMIEN: \PN, I'm sorry, but this mission isn't quite over yet.
I've gotten reports of shady activity out by Sand Stream Cave.
I wouldn't be surprised if it just so happened to be those grunts we kicked out.
Let's go take care of them before they give us anymore trouble.
My husband studies the void so that we can understand more about it.
Based on what he's told me, it sounds like a place you never want to visit.
A request has already been started.
Cancel the request in progress?
Request has been canceled.
These are the available requests.\ch[1,7, Generator Problems,House Sit,Hidden Library 3,No Thanks]
This help request has already been completed.
"GABRIEL: I'll be waiting outside the Power Plant. Please do not take long."
You must have completed the Odd House sidequest to begin this help request.
*Playing Helppls.wav*
"KAREN: If your name isn't \PN, stop reading this!
I think I may have discovered something super cool at the Hidden Library!
Y-You remember that, right?! The place we discovered together?!
Oh how time flies~... Momma told me that time was an illusion.
So I hit her in the head with an hourglass and asked if her pain was an illusion.
Momma didn't like that.
Anyways! Meet me in the farthest room located in the Hidden Library. We can talk more there!"
Reward: My presence. \n Will you accept this mission?
"The Hidden Library 3" Help request accepted.
This help request cannot be accepted until Hidden Library requests 1 & 2 have been completed.
REINA: Ren's waiting for you outside. Hopefully you guys are gonna be okay.
CLERK: Hm? Would you like to stay at our Inn?
Well, that's a little awkward considering we only have two rooms and they're both occupied.
Hm... I won't charge you for it, but if you want to rest up on the couches here, that would be fine?
Have a nice rest.
CLERK: Did you sleep well? I hope you did...
CLERK: Please come again...! Your money is most appreciated.
Please don't mind me. I'm just trying to figure out a way to get Damien into the Ruined City without getting put to sleep by that vile Vileplume!
What's wrong? Do you need something from me?
I see... You wish to take care of those thieves down at the Ruined City?
Yes, you'll find it a much more difficult task with that Vileplume running around.
Yes, a much more difficult task indeed... If it weren't for me! I've developed a sort of serum that makes you impervious to Vileplume's
Sleep Powder!
I've developed a sort of syrum that makes you impervious to Vileplume's Sleep Powder! I call it the Insomniac's serum! As long as you spray a bit of this under your
nose, you're good to go!
So, do you want me to spray a bit on you?
It smells a little bad, but it's effective and that's all that matters.
There! You should be all ready to go for a couple of days!
Go get those thieves!
You won't get very far without my Insomniac serum!
Do you know how to get to the Ruined City?
Just head east of Sashila Village. You can't miss it!
MARTEN: Hyu'ro, does this look familiar to you?
HYU'RO: Hm? Is this a toolkit? It looks kind of familiar...
The name here... "Orian Lake"... It sounds familiar to me...
MARTEN: Could it possibly be a place you used to know?
Perhaps your old name?
HYU'RO: I... I don't think this was my name. As for it being a place...?
I'm not sure exactly. I can't put my finger on it, but it's very familiar.
But there's nothing beyond that familiarity, I'm sorry.
MARTEN: Hm... I wish there was a way to find out where this "Orian Lake" is.
Even to visit this place would be helpful.
I guess for now I'll go look at documented places in our database.
Thanks for the help, \PN.
MARTEN: Oh! Please excuse me, \PN! I was just going to ask Hyu'ro a few more questions.
Say, where is Hyu'ro?
MARTEN: He went off to the Voidal Chasm?!
If he falls in, there's no guarantee he'll make it out this time!
\PN, I know it's very dangerous, but you have to go and stop him!
I'll be waiting in the study for your return. Be safe.
Have you heard of "Crests"? They're special items that boost certain Pokemon's stats.
You can dig em up at the Zorrialyn Labyrinth.
Due to popular demand by dozens of our citizens, we now have our own PC System!
HUEY: Heeey, \PN. Today's the big day, right?
I heard Ren was waiting for you outside. Better not make him wait too much.
ALEXANDRA: Welcome \PN. How are you doing?
We're investigating that strange tower that appeared just moments ago.
Like I mentioned before, the material is made out of Black Shards.
The interior of the tower seems to be solid.
But there's no way to interact with it, from what we've seen.
Touching it, attacking it, pushing it-- It's all futile. It has no reaction.
We'll get to the bottom of this, eventually.
ALEXANDRA: Please consider what I've asked. It's for the good of everyone.
You fell into the void?
You don't look like a native.
Any Pokemon?
No questions.
Yes
No
I'm familiar with it, yes.
Could you teach me?
Origins.
Functionality.
I changed my mind.
I am.
Mystery Dungeon?
What do I have to do?
I have questions...
Thank you, everyone!
I can't believe it...
Cool... I guess.
Once or twice
Huh?
Quests
Rewards
No thanks
Legend of the Void
Badland Baddies
My Sister Fell...
More
I Need to get Stronger!
None
Yep!
Meh...
Gross, but okay
NO.
[Map518]
HUEY: So like... Is anyone else seeing those visions?
C'mon I can't be the only one, right?
REN: No you're not the only one.
I've been here before, and it's happened then too, but they're always sort of haunting.
REINA: What we saw... Was that how this place used to be?
REN: Yeah... I don't know exactly what happened here, but the result is clear by just... being here.
Anyway, we're just at the end of this place. Ryland is probably ahead.
It might not go well, so be prepared to fight.
HUEY: Understood, let's go!
(DAMIEN: Adam and I were best friends since we were young.
We actually grew up in Alamissa, before it was attacked by Team Xen.)
???: Yo, bro? What are you doing all the way out here?
DAMIEN: Adam... Nothin' much, bro. Just chillin' out here before I head back to Sashila.
ADAM: Thinking about the past again, bro?
DAMIEN: I guess I am... I'm just wondering what life could have been.
ADAM: Life could've been awesome, but that's done now.
What's the use in feeling blue? It's already happened. Just forget about it.
DAMIEN: Bro... I just can't forget about it. It's engraved into our history now.
You and Eve lost your parents. Aren't you upset about it?
ADAM: Yes, I am. I am upset, but getting emotional is lame, bro.
I'm not sayin' it's cool to bottle things up, but it's also not cool to let them fester inside.
I've made my peace with my parents' fate. With my fate.
DAMIEN: Hah... You're stronger than me, bro.
I always think about what would happen if I did just move on.
Would my parents be proud of me? Or would they think of me as a coward?
ADAM: Moving on? Cowardice? Total opposites.
I think it takes an incredible amount of strength to just move on.
To just give it up and make things in the present better.
That's how I look at things, anyway.
DAMIEN: ...But that's just the thing...
I can't give it up yet. There's still a fire inside of me, and it won't stop burning.
It's telling me to get stronger. Use my strength to avenge my fallen.
Kill every last Team Xen member, and then make the world pay for forgetting us.
ADAM: You're starting to sound like Eve. You don't want to be like her.
DAMIEN: She's your sister. Shouldn't you be defending her?
ADAM: I don't have to do anything.
DAMIEN: Well I do.
ADAM: I hate seeing this side of you, you know? It's ugly.
And you're the opposite of ugly, alright? So sit down and just chill.
DAMIEN: I won't. I won't "chill" until justice has been brought.
I can still hear my parents... Crying for help. I couldn't do anything.
I couldn't do anything...\| because I'm a weak fool.
ADAM: You're not weak. Stop calling yourself that!
DAMIEN: I am weak. I won't be able to change this world if I don't become strong.
Me and my Pokemon... We both need to become stronger.
ADAM: Become stronger for who?! For yourself or your vengeful thoughts?
DAMIEN: For me, my parents... and for my sister.
ADAM: And what about me?!
DAMIEN: And what about you?!
ADAM: I care about you. If you go down this path you'll destroy yourself.
This ugly side of yours it's... It's nothing but-
DAMIEN: Don't worry about me doing whatever. Just mind your business.
ADAM: You...
DAMIEN: What?
ADAM: Nothin'. I gotta... I gotta go.
DAMIEN: Adam?! What's gotten into you?
ADAM: You just... You just don't get it.
DAMIEN: What just happened? What did I say?
After that, we stopped talking. I continued my path and he continued his.
And then one day he just got up and left. Didn't tell anyone.
DAMIEN: At the time, I didn't know what I did. I hurt him that day.
Karen seems to be unconscious...
Take her back to Sashila Village?
\PN scurried to Sashila Village's inn with Karen.
"Alamissa Urben: The City of Happiness."
TORTERRA: Torta!
Kids like you shouldn't be snooping around a place like this!
Kids like you shouldn't be strong like this!
Ryland will deal with you either way, but I thought I could stop you.
Torterra won't allow you to pass.
Yaaaaalalalooolaaaa!
Can I sing well?
I guess I can't sing well?
Yaaaala! Yooolie! Yaaala!
FALINKS: Fa! Fa! Fa! Fa! Fa! Fa!
Stop running! This is a running free zone!
Hhhhh!
Walk if you must, but if you run you'll make the place shake!
REN: Alamissa Urben... The City of Happiness.
It's such an ironic title that it's just a tad bit cruel.
Do you know about Alamissa Urben's story?
REN: Then you'll get to see what exactly happened here first-hand.
REN: Then you'll learn. By just walking through this place. You'll learn.
There's something I wanted to talk to you about, \PN.
I wanted to explain why I joined Team Xen in the first place.
After everything that's happened, you at least deserve some sort of explanation.
This hell that became my life started right after you defeated Narcissa.
CRESCENT: Let's chat.
REN: Wh-What? Ahhh!!
REN: As for what that situation was, I'm sorry, but I can't tell you that.
I didn't join Team Xen because I wanted to betray anyone.
I didn't want anyone to get hurt or die... I just wanted my best friend back.
But it's not even about her anymore.
It's about something that's bigger than Team Xen itself.
Something I'm determined to see to the end.
REN: There's one last thing I wanted to do before we continued.
Right before I was commissioned to be Nastasia's assistant...
I came across something peculiar...
There was a single Pokeball amongst a bunch of other heaps of trash.
It was scheduled for incineration a few hours after I found it.
I managed to scavenge it, but it was damaged. Nastasia helped me repair it.
She told me it belonged to someone very close to you.
Your mother.
REN: Nastasia told me to hold onto this and give it back to you whenever we met again, so...
I believe this belongs to you.
REN: Please accept that as my apology. To you, and to Nancy.
REINA: R-Ren!
REN: Reina! What are you doing here?
REINA: I knew you had good intentions! I just knew it!
REN: Were you listening that entire time?!
HUEY: S-Sorry! Reina wanted to follow you two here.
Even though I told her that we should've gone home...
Once that girl gets an idea in her head, it's really hard to stop her.
REN: Yeah, that sounds like my sister alright...
REN: But you really should go back home, Reina.
And don't return to the city, either. Things are only going to get worse.
REINA: I'm not going back to the city, and I'm not going back to Goldenleaf either.
If you two are going to risk your lives dealing with this Rift, then I wanna come too.
REN: A-Absolutely not! This isn't like one of those shows you like to watch on TV.
I can't protect you if you get yourself in a bad spot.
HUEY: We have Pokemon, though! Not many... but enough to be useful!
REN: H-Huey, didn't you want to go home?!
HUEY: I did... but being out of the city made me realize how much I relied on my own sister to accomplish things.
If I'm out here with the big boys, that means I'll get stronger!
And then using my newfound strength, I'll find my sister...
REINA: And even though I wasn't a trainer before you left, I travelled around the entire region by myself.
I bet I could take you on in a battle and win, easy.
REN: Heh... so that's how it is, then?
Fine, you two can come with, but if things are getting too rough, you WILL leave.
HUEY: Understood!
REINA: Affirmative!
REN: Alright. Then let's get moving.
Alamissa Urben is a dangerous place to traverse. Tread carefully and watch where you step.
Yes
No
[Map519]
HYU'RO: That darn Absol attacked me the moment I walked into this place...
All I want to do is find my wife, Helena! Yes, that's right... I remembered her.
If I go deeper into the void, I may forget her again...
I may become prey to the void itself once again.
I don't know what to do... I need your opinion.
What should Hyu'ro do?
HYU'RO: So you think I should look for my wife, too?
...
I'm glad you and I think alike. I don't know if I could live in Sashila with the memories I have.
Sooner or later, I'd find myself here anyway. There's no point in waiting.
Thank you, \PN. Tell Marten I'm sorry.
Oh... And... There's one last thing I want you to tell Marten.
There's something I remembered while on my way here.
My wife... She was pregnant before we fell into the void.
While we were lost... She gave birth to our wonderful son.
We named him after the beautiful lake we lived at. We continued for his sake. He was our hope.
Because we knew that one day we would return to the world above, and give our son the life we wanted him to have.
But... I can't remember what happened to all three of us.
Did we lose our minds and wander away from each other? I cannot say.
What I can say is that I'm not giving up. I'm going to find my family!
HYU'RO: Sigh... You're right. If I lose myself once again...
I'd have to start over from the beginning. And my memories may be gone forever this time.
Helena may be trapped down there, but...\| Let's just... return to the village.
Your party has been healed!
The healing star is inactive.
HEALING PARTY...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
REINA: Rgh... Who's this creep now?
???: ...!
REINA: Is that woman... Alexandra?! What did you do to her?
Sorry, \PN, but I'm not really a trainer. Please take care of this guy!
???: ...
REINA: That all you got? Seriously? Maybe I shouldn't've been worried about this guy.
ALEXANDRA: Hnngh...
???: Alexandra, are you doing okay?
ALEXANDRA: Hngh... Where am I? Oof... My head is spinning...
???: That guy won't be bothering you anymore. I sent him packing.
ALEXANDRA: I see... Thank you for protecting me,\| Ren.
REINA: Wait, did you say... Ren?!
???: *Sigh*... I guess I can't really hide it anymore.
REINA: Ren!!
REN: Reina...
REINA: I've been looking all over for you... Ever since you left...
Why did you leave us? Why...
REN: ...
We can talk about all of this later. Right now we need to get Alexandra out of here.
REINA: Right... Okay, we'll help you.
REINA: Hey, take a look at that!
HUEY: It's those Bladestar grunts from before!
GRUNT2: Yeowch, that was not a nice landing...
GRUNT1: Yeah, I think I broke my arm... Except... I didn't get hurt at all.
GRUNT2: How do you get hurt, but also not get hurt?
GRUNT1: Who cares? Let's just not get stuck here. That would be great.
REINA: This is where they landed, I guess.
But now that I'm outta my cage. I'm gonna punch em outta this world!
Ooooh, when I get my hands on those two!
HUEY: Reina, wait for us!
CHILD: Oh thank goodness! I thought I would die down here...
Y-You're here to save me, r-right??
CHILD: Y-Yay! I knew it!
Are you ready to leave now, or do you have something you need to do?
CHILD: Yay! Okay, let's leave!
CHILD: Okay! I'll wait here!
CHILD: Y-You're gonna leave me down here?!
P-Please show me the way out of here!
CHILD: Are you ready to go now?
LAVENDER: We should be good in here for the time being.
But they aren't moving... C'mon, I'm trying to get out of here.
BRAIXEN: Braowwoaowa?!
LAVENDER: What is it, Braixen?
LAVENDER: HUH?
LAVENDER: This... This is a Pokemon isn't it? The Legendary Pokemon, Giratina?!
BRAIXEN: Braowwoaowa!
LAVENDER: I feel like you're trying to say something, but I can't understand you...
BRAIXEN: Broawowwo. Broaowwo... Browaowoaowo!
BROAWOWOWAOWO!
Braowowoaowow GRRRRRRR!!!!
GRRRRR!!!! GRRRRRR!!!! GRRRRR!!!
BROAWBROAWBROAWBROAWOBROAW
Broawowoowoowowow!
BRAIXEN: Broawononono! Browao!
BRAIXEN: Broaw?
LAVENDER: Oooh, I got it!
BRAIXEN: Bwoarwoar roaw?
LAVENDER: I have no idea what you're trying to tell me.
LAVENDER: Hey, are you okay?
C'mon, get up. This is no time to sleep!
BRAIXEN: Broaow!
LAVENDER: In any case, I was thinking... Maybe we should free this Pokemon too.
BRAIXEN: ...
If Isha is keeping this thing down here, it can't be good.
BRAIXEN: Broaw.
LAVENDER: What should I do...
LAVENDER: You seem against this idea, and I realize why that would be.
But just the thought of keeping this thing down here makes me sick.
If Isha starts to rampage with this in his arsenal...
I think this is the right move.
LAVENDER: Sigh...
Let's see here...
GIRATINA: Ghhira!
LAVENDER: Um, please be quiet! We're all here to escape this miserable place...
So please cooperate with us and we'll be outta here in a jiffy.
GIRATINA: ...
LAVENDER: I'll take that as a sign of compliance!
LAVENDER: I-I'm sorry! I meant mutual cooperation between two equal groups!
LAVENDER: I have no idea how I'm going to get a Pokemon this huge out, but...
We'll make it work!
SCIENTIST1: Don't think we didn't hear you walking around in here!
LAVENDER: Alright, fine. I won't release it.
We'll just leave it here and report it once we're above ground.
LAVENDER: Crap, we took too long in here!
SCIENTIST1: That's right little lady. You shouldn't be-
Oh... Oh no. She released the Giratina Isha caught...
SCIENTIST2: This is bad... We can't fight a Legendary Pokemon like Giratina!
LAVENDER: Legendary Pokemon? Giratina...?
BRAIXEN: Braowow!
LAVENDER: You want to fight, Braixen?
GIRATINA: Girraa!
LAVENDER: Looks like Giratina wants to as well.
Well, what do you say? Still want to stand in our way?
SCIENTIST1: We're going to fight you no matter what!
Legendary Pokemon or not, you're still outnumbered!
I'm sure you'll appreciate it quite well!
LAVENDER: Hah! How does it feel then? We're unstoppable.
SCIENTIST1: So this is the power of a Legendary Pokemon...
LAVENDER: Now, move aside before-
GIRATINA: Giiraa!
LAVENDER: Wh-What?! Don't leave us here!
LAVENDER:\ts[1] Ahahaha... Hey fellas... About before...
SCIENTIST1: That's right little lady. You shouldn't be out of bed right now!
SCIENTIST2: Isha will be very upset when he hears where you've been.
SCIENTIST: You're in a whole lotta trouble!
LAVENDER: You wanna fight, Braixen??
No, you're right. We have to fight!
SCIENTIST1: Is she crazy?? Fine, it's time we beat some sense into you!
LAVENDER: Hah! We won! C'mon let's get out of here, Braixen!
REINA: Mrggh, mrggh mmrrghmhhrrhh?
HUEY: Could you repeat that? I couldn't hear that.
HUEY: Seriously, Reina. I can't hear what you're saying.
REINA: I said, how come that fall didn't hurt at all?
HUEY: Huh, now that you mention it. The fall didn't hurt us either.
We just kinda plopped and got back up as if nothing happened.
REINA: That's really strange, but I guess we shouldn't complain.
HUEY: By the way, Reina... How did you get down here?
Did they just drop you here or something?
REINA: No, but they were going to. I think we... got shot down or something?
REINA: Yeah! We were hovering in the air until we got hit by something.
I think those Bladestar grunts fell down here with me or something.
HUEY: Oh... That must've been what that loud crash was earlier.
REINA: Makes sense to me!
By the way, where are we?
Those Bladestar grunts called this place "The Void", but I've never heard of such a place.
HUEY: No idea... I was hoping one of you would know.
I've never really been outside the city, so I'm a little in the dark here.
REINA: Considering where we are, I think we're all in the dark!
No worries! I'm sure my CyberNav will be able to tell us everything!
REINA: Hey what's going on? My CyberNav isn't working properly.
HUEY: Huh... Mine isn't working either?
Maybe it's experiencing interference or something? Dunno...
REINA: But my Pokedex seems to be working fine...
HUEY: The CyberNav operates only on internet connection, so it's possible there's just no signal down here.
REINA: Guess that makes sense.
I don't wanna be down here anymore. Let's find a way out fast.
ABSOL: Sol!
Absol refuses to budge! There's only one thing to do... Capture it!
Go deeper into the void.
Return to Sashila.
Of course!
Good luck down here, haha.
Let's leave.
Um, you uh, stay here a bit.
Release Giratina.
Leave it here.
[Map520]
REINA: Who's this creep now?
GRUNT1: You're asking me? I dunno, but he stopped us from escaping so he's definitely a weirdo.
???: You're wasting your time running away.
All I was trying to do was help you find your way out of here.
GRUNT2: Yeah, sure... That's what you were trying to do.
???: I'm not stopping you now, am I?
GRUNT1: Huh? I guess that's true.
Let's get out of here, Grunt #2!
GRUNT2: I told you, that's not my name!
REINA: Hey! Why'd you let those creeps get off scott free?!
I was just about to punch their teeth in and you ruined everything!
???: Huh? Those two? They're harmless. Might as well let them go.
REINA: I don't care if they're harmless! They got us in this mess and I'm angry!
I want my revenge, dammit!
HUEY: Reina, just let it go... They're long gone now.
REINA: Oooogh...
???: You could probably catch up to them if you started running.
But I'm not gonna let that happen!
...
???: That's about enough. Those Grunts should be safe by now.
HUEY: You act tough, but you only have one Pokemon!
I mean, not like I can say anything about having a lot of Pokemon...
???: Not sure what strength has to do with the amount of Pokemon you have.
But sure, I guess if that's what strength means to you, I'm weak.
REINA: \PN seriously? That was really embarrassing.
How do you lose to one Pokemon like that, c'mon!
???: Alright, alright, leave them alone. Perhaps they just had an off fight.
REINA: Hey, you sound really familiar...
???: Uh...
???: Hey, what are you doing?!
REINA: I know your voice from somewhere! Take off this hood right now!
???: H-Hey, stop it! It's rude to remove a man's hood!
REINA: Ren?!
REN: ...Was it really that noticeable? I was trying to mask it...
REINA: You suck at being subtle.
HUEY: Um, I'm confused. Who is this guy?
REINA: Huey, this is my brother! The one I told you about before?
HUEY: H-Huh?! This is Ren?
REN: ...
REINA: Hm?
REN: It's been a while, \PN.
REINA: Yikes, talk about awkward tension.
Ren, apologize for whatever you did to \PN!
REN: Wh-What? Why did you just assume I did something?
REINA: Well? Am I wrong?
REN: No... not entirely.
REINA: Then make up with \PN so this awkward tension can disappear!
REN: I'm not so sure that's possible.
REINA: Huh? Of course it's possible! What could you have done that would make you unforgivable?
REN: I... I joined Team Xen.
REINA: You joined Team Xen...?
HUEY: Team Xen?!
REN: Like I said, I don't think I'm redeemable at this point.
REINA: Why would you go and join a shady bunch like that?!
How could you do something like that?! I am totally and utterly disappointed in you!
Mother would cry if she knew about this...
B-But don't worry, I'll cover it up, okay? Just find a way to quit in the meantime!
REN: Reina...
REINA: How much time do you need? If I head back to Goldenleaf Town now, I might be able to-
REN: Reina, I'm not quitting. You don't need to go through any of that.
HUEY: You mean you want to stay? What is wrong with you?!
REN: It's not exactly that simple... And it's not something I can discuss with you.
REINA: I don't understand... Why can't you just quit?
Oh, I get it... They're threatening you, aren't they?
If you don't comply with their demands, they'll kill mother and I, right?
REN: No one's threatening me, Reina. This is my choice.
REINA: But why...?
REN: I'm ending that discussion here, sorry.
REINA: I still want to believe in you, Ren... So please...
HUEY: Reina, \PN, Let's just leave this sorry fool.
Clearly he made his allegiance and is sticking to them.
Let's not waste anymore time and get out of here
REN: You're wasting your time.
HUEY: What?
REN: We're trapped in this chasm for the time being.
REINA: Trapped?!
REN: You should know more than any of us, Reina.
That machine those two grunts were piloting smashed through the main bridge on the top floor.
That's the only way out, and it's destroyed for the time being.
HUEY: So what do we do then? Just wait here to die?
REN: Of course not, don't be stupid.
But we're going to have to at least stay the night here.
There are people who guard the bridge daily.
When one of them realizes the bridge has been destroyed, they'll repair it.
HUEY: So we just have to sit here?
REN: That's right! Find a cozy corner and call it a day.
HUEY: ...Ugh.
FLAREON: Flareia!
HUEY: It's gotten pretty cold in this place, but Flareon's body heat makes a source of warmth!
REINA: Mhm...
HUEY: Hey, Reina... That's really your brother, right?
REINA: Huh? Of course he's my brother.
HUEY: It's just... He doesn't seem to be anything you described.
REINA: Yeah... That's what disappoints me.
HUEY: Is there something on your mind?
REINA: This is all gonna sound really stupid, but...
HUEY: It's not stupid! Speak your mind and everything will be a-okay!
REINA: A long time ago, when my mother was pregnant, she visited an oracle.
The oracle told my mother that she would have twins.
Eventually, my mother gave birth to Ren and I.
HUEY: You and Ren are twins?? I mean, now that you mention it...
REINA: Yeah, we are... I was born three hours after Ren, though.
So technically he's the older brother, but anyway...
The oracle told my mother that we would have an inseparable bond.
But after a while, we would become separated.
One would be shrouded in darkness and would work to end the world.
The other would fight to preserve it.
HUEY: What...? That's a pretty heavy prediction...
REINA: My mother told me about it right before Ren left, and she said she would tell Ren, but...
Not soon after, Ren left without any warning.
HUEY: He left?
REINA: Yeah... My mother wasn't one to believe in stuff like oracles and stuff.
She mostly visited them for the attraction. She thought it would be fun.
Unfortunately for her, though... She had a daughter who believed all that stuff.
After experiencing life growing up with Ren and hearing that prediction.
I knew... I knew that it was becoming a reality...
So then I left home to find him myself.
I could never catch him, though.
HUEY: Until now?
REINA: Until now, and I feel like it may be too late.
REINA: My brother...
I hope... I hope for once in my life. That a tale of fantasy doesn't end up to be true.
REN: Did you all sleep well?
REINA: As well as we could in a place like this...
REN: I guess that's to be expected...
Anyway, we're actually not too far off from the exit.
So let's make haste.
HUEY: Alright...
REINA: ...Wait, what?
HUEY: Uh...
REINA: Hey, stop it! We don't need to hear it a third time!
REN: Huh? What?
HUEY: You were about to repeat yourself for the third time!
REN: ...I was? Oh... I see...
Sorry about that, haha... I don't really... Um...
REINA: Let's go, I guess...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
HUEY: You act all evil, but you only carry one Pokemon?
REINA: I've been looking for you everywhere... Why did you just leave home like that?!
REN: I'm sorry... I just had to get out of that town.
I wouldn't get stronger by just staying in that echo chamber.
REINA: So it wasn't because of me?
REN: Huh? Of course it wasn't...
REINA: That's reassuring... but also?
REN: ...Ow!
Reina, what the hell was that for?
REINA: You let those Bladestar grunts go when we were just gonna catch up to 'em.
You know, Ren... This is why you'll never get a girlfriend!
REN: Wh-What??
REINA: You do dumb stuff like this all the time! Were you even thinking about anything?
What have you been doing all this time without me? How have you not died?
REN: I see you haven't changed a bit...
But for your information, I let those grunts go because there's no point in chasing.
When you and those Bladestar grunts fell, you broke through the bridge.
C'mon now, you remember that much at least?
REINA: Don't belittle me! Of course I remember. After all, I fell flat on my face because of that.
How do you even know about all this?
REN: Who do you think shot them down? Pretty stylish of me, huh?
REINA: Well while it looked cool, it could've ended up way worse than it did!
REN: But it didn't end badly, did it? Learn to trust your brother, Reina!
HUEY: Um, not to intrude or anything, but if they crashed through the bridge...
Doesn't that mean we're trapped here?
REN: Oh, yeah, it does. Don't worry, though. There are people guarding the entrance often.
I'm sure it'll be fixed in a few hours or something.
HUEY: ...Fantastic.
REN: ...Hey, \PN. It's been a while hasn't it...
It's okay if you don't wanna say anything. I understand if this is like, super awkward.
REINA: Why would it be awkward?
REN: Reina, there's something I have to tell you.
REINA: What? Why are you talking so serious all of a sudden??
REN: I kinda... joined Team Xen? I guess something like that would make this awkward.
HUEY: This guy is part of Team Xen?!
REINA: Hahaha, don't play around like that. You're joking right?
Ren, you're joking...\ts[1] Please tell me you're joking.
REINA: B-But why would you? How could you?
REN: I would like to tell you, but I can't... I made a promise to someone.
I understand if your respect for me has fallen, but this is something I have to do.
REINA: You don't have to do anything! You had a choice and you clearly made it...
Anyway, like I said... We have a few hours to kill, so...
It'd probably best if you all found a corner for the night and got cozy.
HUEY: Reina, you said that was your brother, right?
The person you've been roaming around Aevium to find?
HUEY: Yeah, I know you mentioned that, but the way you described him...
He didn't sound like the person who would join an organization like Team Xen.
REINA: That's because he isn't... or... wasn't.
That's what's so disappointing to me. It's also really, really scary.
HUEY: Yeah, Team Xen can be a little scary, but they've been pretty docile lately.
REINA: No, that's not what I meant.
HUEY: What did you mean, then?
REINA: A long time ago, when my mother was pregnant, she decided to go see an oracle.
My mom already knew she was going to have twins, but she went because she wanted to have fun I guess.
HUEY: You and Ren are twins?!
REINA: Yeah, Ren's older by a few hours, but we're twins.
Anyway, my mom went in there because she just wanted to see if the oracle was the real deal or not. Like I said, for fun.
Sure enough, the oracle predicted that she would have twins.
But she also predicted something that my mother could have never imagined.
She said that Ren and I would be close, but eventually...
Eventually one of us would drift away and fall into darkness. They would work to end this world.
HUEY: That's, uh, a pretty heavy prediciton.
REINA: And of course, despite getting the twins prediction correct, my mother didn't believe a word.
She told me this story on a whim one day because she thought it would be funny.
I bet she thought I would just find the story interesting, but... I'm...
I believed it the moment she told me, and I tried everything in my power to stop this from happening.
Unfortunately, it wasn't enough. One day Ren left without notice.
At that point, I knew for certainty, that the oracle's prediction was coming true.
So soon after Ren left, I followed suit.
I knew he would go to Gearen City, but I couldn't find him, so I assumed he moved elsewhere.
HUEY: I see...
I hope to God that this whole thing is just a coincidence...
REN: Hopefully you all had a good rest?
REINA: O-Oh, yeah! How did you sleep, Ren?
REN: Oh, me? Um, I couldn't really sleep. I kept tossing and turning.
REINA: I see...
REN: I guess that's to be expected, though. Who could sleep well in a place like this?
We're not too far off from the exit, actually. So if we hurry, we'll be outta here quickly.
HUEY: Lead the way, Mister Ren.
REINA: ...Are you trying to be funny or something, Ren?
HUEY: Uh... Are you okay?
We're not too far off from the exit, actually. So if we hurry-
REINA: Hey, stop it!
HUEY: That was really, really strange. You sure your brother is all there?
REINA: To be honest? I'm not even sure myself. I need a milkshake, stat.
[Map521]
There's something written on the side of the boat...
"G...re...o...r....i..n....L.....e...."
It's too scratched up to read.
\PN picked up something shiny on the ground!
It looks to be a toolkit of some kind?
There's a name written on the side of it. It looks like the name "David".
You put away the Toolkit.
[Map522]
"DO NOT ENTER!"
GRUNT2: Hey, that went pretty well for us, didn't it?
GRUNT1: Can't say the same for 'ol \PN here.
REINA: Sigh...
You were gonna throw me into the void too, right?
Then just do it already, please.
I think being lost at the bottom of a chasm would be more entertaining than being with the two of you.
GRUNT: Gosh, we're just trying to have a nice conversation.
You don't gotta be so mean about things.
But if it's what you want, we live to please.
Drop her!
GRUNT1: Aaagh! What just hit us? Mayday!
REINA: Hey! Watch it! What's going on up there?
GRUNT2: Ughh!! Again?! Where were we hit?
GRUNT1: Um, it looks like we were hit... Well...
REINA: W-Why don't I hear the rockets anymore?
EVERYONE: Oh.
H-Hey, what are you doing in here? This place is too dangerous!
If you fall into the chasm, it's over for you! No search party will be sent!
H-Hey, you need to be more careful!
You and your friends were the ones who broke this bridge, right?
Be more careful! Without this bridge, people will be lost down in the chasm forever!
[Map523]
VILEPLUME: Viii!
It looks like you were mugged!
VILEPLUME: Vi-Vi?!
DAMIEN: Hey, \PN. Uh...
Sometimes... I do get a little ahead of myself, and that's my fault.
Alexandra's always there to keep me level-headed and rational.
Sometimes I can do things with good intentions, but they end up with horrible results.
On the other side of the coin, Alexandra can be too kind, and it's bitten us back.
We took in refugees from GDC and it ended with some of our villagers getting hurt.
From then on, Ryland and I decided that everyone but us were enemies.
But then Alexandra and Ryland's brother Adam brought me back.
They showed me the ramifications of my extreme ideals.
Two extremes are bad. No matter which side you're on.
That's what my father told us. There has to be a balance.
..........................................
DAMIEN: I'm fine, I'm just garbage at expressing my feelings.
It's awkward and uncomfortable and I want to stop.
But... I promised Adam that I wouldn't.
DAMIEN: Of course I knew Adam. He was my best friend. Was.
DAMIEN: Even after my confrontation with Adam, I still slip up.
I do the wrong thing. My hatred and lust for revenge comes up when it shouldn't.
I don't like to admit it, but it clouds my judgment.\| What I've been TRYING to say this ENTIRE time is...
Thank you for keeping me centered.
I couldn't do that back then, and I lost my best friend because of it.
\ts[1]Thank you.
Thank you,\| there I said it. I said thank you.
I gotta get back to the village.
"Badland Baddies" Help request completed!
Are you okay?
You knew Adam?
[Map524]
GRUNT: Don't take another step!
GRUNT2: If you won't leave, we'll just have to make you!
GRUNT: Wait, why are we doing the Team Xen pose?
GRUNT2: I don't know... Just... fight already!
So strong!
We're not done yet!
GRUNT: Y-Yikes, this trainer is way too strong! Even for us!
GRUNT2: There's nothing more we can do!
KYLE: You won't regret this.
GRUNT: What? What do you want? We're just trying to live here!
GRUNT2: Don't even try talking sense into this one.
They just see us as the enemy so they want us gone.
GRUNT: Well we're not leaving! So buzz off already!
We won't make it if you evict us...
This is bad...
KYLE: Ggrh... Why are you people so persistent?!
We have nowhere else to go, understand? Nowhere!
Why can't you just let us live here in peace?!
???: You're Team Xen scum. Why would we ever let you live here?
DAMIEN: You all try to mess up our world. Why should we show you any kindness?
KYLE: Because we aren't Team Xen Grunts anymore!
DAMIEN: ...Huh? Don't try to pull wool over my eyes!
You're clearly dressed the part. You've also got the annoying nagging down pat too.
But I'm willing to ah, humor you. So let's hear it.
What's this excuse you all have?
KYLE: It's not an excuse, we've all abandoned the team.
RUBY: We just couldn't take it anymore! We don't want to have any part in it!
We're not here to cause trouble. We're here to hide.
DAMIEN: Hide? When you join a criminal organization, and decide to quit, you don't get to hide.
If you didn't like what you were getting into, why join?
RUBY: ...
Listen, we won't use Vileplume anymore. We just needed quick cash.
KYLE: We also just needed a lookout. Please, don't kick us out!
DAMIEN: I cannot believe what I'm hearing. You all need to take responsibility for your actions!
You all deserve what happens to you. There's nothing else to say.
DAMIEN: You can't be serious... You want to show mercy to these people?
These people are responsible for everything that's ever gone wrong in this region.
They joined a criminal organization, and now the same organization is after them for deserting.
Just what do you expect to happen?!
And in Adam's old house?! I don't think so!
KYLE: ...Adam?
DAMIEN: Sigh... I cannot believe this.
Just forget I mentioned that name. You... You just...
You're just like Adam and Alexandra. You always have to see the good in people.
I don't know if that's a curse, or a blessing. But... I suppose it's sometimes necessary.
Alright, listen up, Team Xen fools. You get to stay here, if you want.
But if I hear even the slightest complaint from ANYONE.
I will PERSONALLY make my way over here and hand you over to your superiors myself.
Whatever happens to you then? That's up to your glorious Madame X to decide.
RUBY: Th-Thank you! We won't cause anymore trouble-- We promise!
DAMIEN: We'll see.
DAMIEN: Let's go. Starting with you scientists. Out.
KYLE: You're making a mistake...
DAMIEN: I'm doing the right thing.
DAMIEN: That should take care of these fools.
Thank you for seeing things my way.
Sometimes I feel like I'm being far too harsh, but it's my people over theirs.
So whatever happens to them... Not our problem.
Your reward will be waiting for you at the Help Center.
GRUNT: We weren't able to defeat you...
GRUNT: To tell you the truth, we never wanted to be part of Team Xen.
But things... were complicated.
You're just like Alexandra. You see the good in people.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
GRUNT: We tried our best... Maybe our scientists will be able to take you on!
GRUNT: We'll try to make the best of this place. We won't complain!
VILEPLUME: Viii!
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
RUBY: Thank you for letting us stay here. We won't cause trouble, we promise!
Convince Damien
Evict them
Yes
No
[Map525]
MANDIBUZZ: Mandii!
Sorry, but entry into Poiloethal Forest is not permitted.
The Poiloethal Forest is far too dangerous to walk into alone.
Besides, just being in there will probably be bad for your health.
[Map526]
TORTERRA: Torta!
Torterra won't allow you to pass.
"Alamissa Urben: The City of Happiness."
[Map527]
We can battle, but let's not battle too rough...
This place isn't exactly in stable condition you know?
Well, I lost, but at least we're still standing.
This seems to be a diary of some sort... It's titled "Karen's Diary."
Want to read?
"Day X, Year XX, Month XX.
KAREN: Celine's been out again. She's gone more and more often now.
After that fight she had on the mountain, she hasn't been doing well.
But the determination on her face is objectively strong."
Keep reading?
"Day XX, Year XX, Month XOX
KAREN: My parents have been acting weird around me lately. As if they have to tell me something but are reluctant.
Alexandra, Damien, Eve, and Adam have all been out training a lot lately too.
They're my best friends, but they won't tell me why they're training...
Something is similar amongst all of them, though...
Celine has talked to each one individually at some point.
What is Celine planning?"
No date logged...
"KAREN: Celine finally spoke to me today. I finally understand everything.
I can't write down why, or what she wants, but all I have to say is that I now must train as well.
If I don't... Everything may fall to pieces, and I can't allow that."
"KAREN: It's been a year since my last logged entry. I write in complete silence.
Alamissa has been destroyed. My training was for naught.
We've all gone our separate ways-- Adam, Ryland, Alexandra, Damien.
I couldn't accept how weak I was... How weak my Pokemon were...
That's why I did the forbidden and went to Castle Zygara.
I attempted to make my own Crest, but I was an amateur and failed.
As a result... I can feel my mind warping. Shifting, cutting, separating...
I'm writing this so that I don't forget. I can't forget.
Even though she's gone, we have to keep going. Otherwise this world will be lost forever."
Yawn... I was sleeping but a group of rude trainers woke me up!
And now you're here to ruin my day too?!
All I wanted was a full night of rest.
Whoa, what are you guys doing here?
I never expected people like you to come to a place like this!
You all don't know the suffering the people of Alamissa went through!
This is supposed to be our place of solitude!
Ryland won't stand for this!
What's wrong with us being here anyway? Most of us had family here!
Yes
No
[Map528]
LAVENDER: This is Isha's computer... I'm expecting it to ask for a password.
LAVENDER: No password needed? That's really weird.
Well, whatever... There are a few things I can look at here.
LAVENDER: Huh... Risa Raider's profile is here amongst others.
Risa was- Wait...
Risa's status is "Terminally ill", or rather, was...?
There's no way this was public information.
If something like this got out to the public, it would cause an unstoppable storm.
An unstoppable storm of support for Risa, of course, but a storm is a storm.
I find it weird that she was marked as terminally ill, and then suddenly cured?
When one is terminally ill, that means that it's over for them, right?
\c[6]Did Risa Raider experience some sort of miracle?
LAVENDER: This person is named Mosely Carmicle.
Seems like they were born in the District of Hope.
She's one of the many kids that are missing right now, huh?
Gosh, she was so young, too. Only eight years old.
Hopefully she turns up soon.
LAVENDER: This is my own profile...
It pains me to even look at this file... I don't belong here, but Isha won't let me leave.
I bet he told Huey that I was coming down with a fever when he tried to visit me earlier.
Isha... You make me sick.
LAVENDER: Venam... You took the bullet for me back then.
You were being aggressive when you found me by the fountain in the Central Building.
I didn't really appreciate it at the time, but now I realize that you were just trying to help me.
I took a risk I shouldn't have, and now you've been turned into stone.
I guess me reading this right now proves that I haven't learned a thing...
But if there's one thing I value over everything, it's the truth.
And I won't stop until it's out there for the entire world to see.
I'll figure out a way to save you. Just believe in me.
LAVENDER: ...???
This file is... completely wrong. What happened here?!
Talon is definitely not 45, and he's definitely not from Akuwa Town.
And I'm not sure about the birthday part, but I'm pretty sure he was born on July 24th?
Either way, it's pretty careless for a hospital to get something so wrong.
LAVENDER: That's odd... This file has no name or date of birth?
Usually when that happens, it means the patient can't remember where, or who they are.
Oddly enough, the place of birth is actually still here... Vaguely.
There's not much else to look at here, I guess...
LAVENDER: Huh...? What's all this now? Doctor Isiah Halvard?
This is all crazy... Why is this on Isha's computer?
This stuff doesn't seem relevant, so I'm not going to pay attention to it too much.
LAVENDER: Ah...! This file just has a bunch of numbers with an "H" in the middle.
Something's weird with the "H" in the middle, though...
I wonder if this has anything to do with the passcode needed to open up the bunker...
LAVENDER: That image must've had something to do with that pass code.
I should look at this file carefully...
I'm almost certain the numbers are displayed from the top left and to the right.
So if the code is present, it would be in that format.
LAVENDER: Let's take a look.
Usually when that happens, it means the patient can't remember where who they are.
LAVENDER: The paint on the wall says "B2". It's not the floor I'm looking for.
NURSE: Hello, Dr. Isha? I believe you have a visitor.
ISHA: A visitor? I'm very busy. Is this a necessary meeting?
Just shoo them away for now. I'll talk to them as my schedule clears.
NURSE: They say they wish to inquire about your success rate.
ISHA: I see... In that case, send them in.
NURSE: Yes sir.
ERIN: You must be the famous Isha. I've heard a lot about you.
ISHA: I am he. What brings you here to my office?
Wait... Aren't you that child who was caught in that explosion?
You were here in my care... But then she-
ERIN: I was just curious about your incredible success rate!
It's quite impressive for anyone to have higher than a 50% success rate when it comes to the medical field.
I'm just enamored by it, it's so interesting.
Almost unbelievable, don't you think?
ISHA: As unbelievable as it may be, it is the truth.
It has been documented and verified by many official inquiries.
ERIN: Oh, I'm sure. It's just that... There's something that's been bothering me.
Haven't you taken the job of restoring life back to the victims of that stone crisis?
ISHA: ...Yes, what about it?
ERIN: If you're so good at what you do, Then restoring them should be no problem, right?
ISHA: It's proving to be quite a task, but I am confident that I will make a breakthrough.
ERIN: I have a friend that was turned to stone, you know.
Her name was Venam, or Veronica, if you're used to her legal name.
ISHA: ...Ah yes, Veronica.
ERIN: I sure do miss her. When will I get to visit her again? After this?
ISHA: Unfortunately, Veronica will be unavailable to visit for quite some time.
ERIN: ...Huh? What do you mean?
ISHA: That's classified information, but-
Hm?
ERIN: What about Lavender? What did you do to her?
ISHA: Wh-What?
ERIN: Eyes on me, Doc. It's rude to not have eye contact.
ISHA: Wh-What about Lavender?
ERIN: I dunno,\| you tell me? I'm the one asking you.
It's just that I haven't heard much from her ever since she was admitted here. And visiting hours have been canceled for quite some time.
I wonder... Is there anyone even to visit at this point?
ISHA: What are you implying?
ERIN: About that success rate, Doc... I have reason to believe-
ERIN: Excuse me, one sec.
ERIN: Uh-huh?\| Yes.\| Really? \|Good work. I'll speak to you in a bit.
Right, so about what we were just discussing, Doc...
ISHA: Wh-What is the meaning of this?!!
ERIN: Don't move, or things won't be pretty.
DELPHA: No contacting the authorities either!
ISHA: What is this madness? Just who is this now?!
DELPHA: Don't remember me, Isha? That's a little heartbreaking...
You should've locked me back up. Letting me go was a mistake.
ISHA: Y-You're that Braixen... You've evolved.
You look... different from a normal Delphox.
DELPHA: Thanks to the technology of the Blakeory Corporation, yes, I do.
But we're not here to talk about me. We're here to talk about Lavender.
Where is she?!
ISHA: Ahaha... I don't have to tell you all a thing.
I just have to wait for the authorities to eventually show up and escort you all out of here.
As long as I don't say a thing, I'm fine.
ERIN: Yeah, no. Sorry, but we thought of that angle already.
Remember that phone call, Isha? The one I just got?
That was a call from my friends. They've notified me that they've made it to that underground base of yours.
ISHA: Wh-What? That's impossible, I would've been notified-
ERIN: You can't be notified if there's no one to notify you.
All of your precious subordinates are all "sleeping" for a bit.
So, as my friends take pictures and build evidence of its existence, we'll be taking you hostage here.
As you can see, it doesn't matter if the authorities come here or not.
Because in each outcome, we'll have proof of your corruption.
DELPHA: So let us ask this again. Where is Lavender?!
ISHA: Ahaha...\| Ahahahahahahah!
Clever girls... But there's one thing you didn't account for. One path no one but myself could foresee!
ERIN: And what path would that be?
ISHA: This one!
ERIN: Fantastic.
ERIN: Huey, \PN! Get in here!
HUEY: Crap, what happened?!
ERIN: I'll see what I can dig up here! You got after Isha with Huey and Delpha!
LAVENDER: The paint on the wall says "B1". It's not the floor I'm looking for.
I can hear talking behind the door...
Listen in?
???: It's been a long time. Too long.
NEVED: Aye, it has been. Since Blacksteeple, no?
MADELIS: Yes. How have you been holding up?
NEVED: I'm not doing too well. With Blacksteeple Castle completely taken down...
I'm afraid Madame X has little use for me now.
MADELIS: I see...
NEVED: Madelis, why did you call me? To this place of all places?
MADELIS: You know exactly why I did.
A long time ago. Geara, Zetta and I all told each other what we fought for.
Everyone was willing to share except for you and Nastasia.
NEVED: What does this have to do with anything?
MADELIS: There's a girl here in extensive care with an unknown disease.
She has heterochromia. Just like you.
NEVED: You do realize I'm not the only person in the world with heterochromia, right?
MADELIS: Right, but she told me her father also had heterochromia.
And she also told me that her father was also a well known sailor in the Kalos region.
Now doesn't that sound familiar?
NEVED: ...
MADELIS: She's your daughter, isn't she?
NEVED: Franchesca...
LAVENDER: Hm... They seem to have moved somewhere else...
What an odd conversation...
LAVENDER: I'm kind of confused... Getting to this office was so easy.
I should go check his computer. There's gotta be something here...
ERIN: Isha escaped through a secret entrance! Huey and Delpha are going after him.
I'm still a little weak from that whole explosion ordeal so I run out of breath easily.
I'm going to be useful and see what dirt I can dig up from this computer.
You should go and help the others!
LAVENDER: Okay, looks like I'm on "B3". Which means...
Which means that I'm only three levels below the ground floor-
LAVENDER: Hey... What's that all the way down there?
LAVENDER: Is that an underground bunker or something?
Why would something like that be in a hospital?
LAVENDER: I have the perfect opportunity to get the heck out of here as of this moment.
But what will people say when they see me?
Telling everyone such a respected doctor is an abusive person while wearing a white gown will just get people to think I've lost it.
I'll need proof of his corruption first, and I know there must be\c[6] undeniable proof below that bunker.
Sometimes when you need to expose the truth, you have to be a little dumb.
Huey... Don't hate me for this.
LAVENDER: I should go check that bunker before I think about forcing this open.
LAVENDER: Let's force this open just like the one before this...
Please let the hallway be empty...
LAVENDER: This panel is asking for a passcode.
Obviously, I don't know any code that would work here.
There's no doubt that the code would be somewhere in Isha's office.
This is stupid... This is so so stupid... But I guess I'm stupid today...
If I remember correctly, Isha's office is on the second floor of the first building.
So I'll need to get to the ground floor and then use the second elevator.
LAVENDER: It's a panel that's asking for a code...
LAVENDER: Okay, let's punch in some numbers and see if this works...
LAVENDER: I can't believe that actually worked!
Huey, I did it-
Right, Huey's not. Here.
Down we go, I guess.
LAVENDER: Yikes... I got it wrong. I hope there's not an alarm or something.
Patient Profiles
Archives
None of these
Risa Raider
Mosely Carmicle
Lavender Bloom
More
Veronica Vasile
Talon Atriedes
???
None
Doctor Isiah Halvard
Yes
No
[Map529]
???: *Whimper*...
LAVENDER: Huh? That noise... It sounds like someone crying?
Hmm...
LAVENDER: This window is a tad bit foggy, but I can kinda see what's going on...
Wait a minute...
LAVENDER: It can't be...
SCIENTIST1: How disappointing. This isn't giving us any good results.
Just how exactly are we supposed to extract the memory from this one if they refuse to cooperate?
SCIENTIST2: Because it doesn't want that to happen, obviously.
Much to our dismay, sure, but it'll succumb to us eventually.
We need to be patient or else Isha will become extremely irritated with us.
And you know how he gets when things don't go his way.
SCIENTIST: Oh seriously now? C'mon, get up. It wasn't that bad.
All we did was try to break your mind. Nothing more than that!
SCIENTIST2: Talking to it like that will only anger it. I already have a burn mark on my arm from last time.
Cool it and set the machine for another round.
Not long until this thing decides to give up.
LAVENDER: This is... This is just so awful. How could they do this?
I... I have to help that Braixen somehow. Maybe there's something around here that'll disable that machine!
C'mon, Lavender. You came this far. Let's not get scared now.
LAVENDER: If I walk in there, I'll be caught!
LAVENDER: (What am I doing?! I'm gonna get caught!)
LAVENDER: No going through here.
LAVENDER: Okay, this doesn't look like a hospital anymore...
I have a bad feeling about this...
LAVENDER: This pipe is connected to the wall.
That means this is connected to the room adjacent to this one.
If I damage this pipe, it might cause something to happen in the room with that Braixen.
Alright, time to bash this pipe in!
LAVENDER: Again!
LAVENDER: Once more!
LAVENDER: I did it!
SCIENTIST1: What's going on? Is the machine malfunctioning?
SCIENTIST2: Not sure, but let's check things out.
LAVENDER: Gotcha!
LAVENDER: We should be good in here for the time being.
But they aren't moving... C'mon, I'm trying to get out of here.
BRAIXEN: Braowwoaowa?!
LAVENDER: What is it, Braixen?
LAVENDER: HUH?
LAVENDER: This... This is a Pokemon isn't it? The Legendary Pokemon, Giratina?!
BRAIXEN: Braowwoaowa!
LAVENDER: I feel like you're trying to say something, but I can't understand you...
BRAIXEN: Broawowwo. Broaowwo... Browaowoaowo!
BROAWOWOWAOWO!
Braowowoaowow GRRRRRRR!!!!
GRRRRR!!!! GRRRRRR!!!! GRRRRR!!!
BROAWBROAWBROAWBROAWOBROAW
Broawowoowoowowow!
BRAIXEN: Broawononono! Browao!
BRAIXEN: Broaw?
LAVENDER: Oooh, I got it!
BRAIXEN: Bwoarwoar roaw?
LAVENDER: I have no idea what you're trying to tell me.
LAVENDER: Hey, are you okay?
C'mon, get up. This is no time to sleep!
BRAIXEN: Broaow!
LAVENDER: In any case, I was thinking... Maybe we should free this Pokemon too.
BRAIXEN: ...
If Isha is keeping this thing down here, it can't be good.
BRAIXEN: Broaw.
LAVENDER: What should I do...
LAVENDER: You seem against this idea, and I realize why that would be.
But just the thought of keeping this thing down here makes me sick.
If Isha starts to rampage with this in his arsenal...
I think this is the right move.
LAVENDER: Sigh...
Let's see here...
GIRATINA: Ghhira!
LAVENDER: Um, please be quiet! We're all here to escape this miserable place...
So please cooperate with us and we'll be outta here in a jiffy.
GIRATINA: ...
LAVENDER: I'll take that as a sign of compliance!
LAVENDER: I-I'm sorry! I meant mutual cooperation between two equal groups!
LAVENDER: I have no idea how I'm going to get a Pokemon this huge out, but...
We'll make it work!
SCIENTIST1: Don't think we didn't hear you walking around in here!
LAVENDER: Alright, fine. I won't release it.
We'll just leave it here and report it once we're above ground.
LAVENDER: Crap, we took too long in here!
SCIENTIST1: That's right little lady. You shouldn't be-
Oh... Oh no. She released the Giratina Isha caught...
SCIENTIST2: This is bad... We can't fight a Legendary Pokemon like Giratina!
LAVENDER: Legendary Pokemon? Giratina...?
BRAIXEN: Braowow!
LAVENDER: You want to fight, Braixen?
GIRATINA: Girraa!
LAVENDER: Looks like Giratina wants to as well.
Well, what do you say? Still want to stand in our way?
SCIENTIST1: We're going to fight you no matter what!
Legendary Pokemon or not, you're still outnumbered!
I'm sure you'll appreciate it quite well!
LAVENDER: Hah! How does it feel then? We're unstoppable.
SCIENTIST1: So this is the power of a Legendary Pokemon...
LAVENDER: Now, move aside before-
GIRATINA: Giiraa!
LAVENDER: Wh-What?! Don't leave us here!
LAVENDER:\ts[1] Ahahaha... Hey fellas... About before...
LAVENDER: Well this is embarrassing...
SCIENTIST1: That's right little lady. You shouldn't be out of bed right now!
SCIENTIST2: Isha will be very upset when he hears where you've been.
SCIENTIST: You're in a whole lotta trouble!
LAVENDER: You wanna fight, Braixen??
No, you're right. We have to fight!
SCIENTIST1: Is she crazy?? Fine, it's time we beat some sense into you!
LAVENDER: Hah! We won! C'mon let's get out of here, Braixen!
LAVENDER: Oh...
LAVENDER: H-Hey, are you okay? Please get up.
BRAIXEN: Braowow?
LAVENDER: Um, I'm going to get you out of here, okay?
So please, just follow me!
BRAIXEN: Brao??
(LAVENDER: Hold on... Didn't Melia and Venam tell me about knowing a Braixen?
Yeah, I remember now. She mysteriously disappeared along with their other friends...
Surely they can't be the same one, right? It's a little odd, but I think I should try asking...)
LAVENDER: Um, by the way, this might sound kinda weird, but...
Do you, by chance, know the name Venam?
BRAIXEN: Braaowoaw! Braaoowwaaw!
LAVENDER: Ah, so you do know them! I'm a friend of theirs!
I can take you to them when we escape, so just follow me!
LAVENDER: This is just great...
LAVENDER: We're not getting out this way...
LAVENDER: There's gotta be another way to the elevator...
LAVENDER: Hey wait, don't run off! We'll get caught!
HUEY: Where is Lavender?! Tell me right now!
ISHA: Oh Huey... You and I both know I wouldn't just hand her over like that.
HUEY: I know... That's why I'm going to make you hand her over!
ISHA: Hu...huhuhuhu... No... That won't happen.
If you're worried about me harming her, you shouldn't be.
Huhuhuhuh... She's perfectly fine. In fact, I'll prove it to you.
Bring out the vessel!
DELPHA: Vessel?
LAVENDER: Let go of me! I said let go!
LAVENDER: Huey...! \PN... and is that... No, is that you, Braixen?!
DELPHA: It is me..! I've come back to save you!
ISHA: Save her? I already said that won't happen.
HUEY: Why are you doing this?!
ERIN: I may be able to answer that.
ERIN: It's because this guy is trying to make up for the faults of his father.
ISHA: My... father?
ERIN: I did some digging on your computer. You make things so accessible, you know?
Doctor Isiah Halvard, a famous brain surgeon in Aevium pre-calamity.
He was known for his incredible 99% success rate.
But he was also known for doing illegal experiments on people-- Most notably their son.
Now doesn't this sound familiar?
ISHA: ...
LAVENDER: ...
ERIN: The only thing I don't get, is why Lavender?
Why are you dragging her through this mess?
ISHA: Huhu...Huuhhuhuhuh!
I really must thank you, Erin. That's your name, right?
Because of you I no longer have to act the way I did! I can let it all out!
LAVENDER: Everyone... Please be careful.
ISHA: Do you want to know how I've felt living in constant stress? In this burden?
Yes you're right, Erin. I am the son of Isiah Halvard.
The esteemed brain surgeon with a 99% rate. The same rate I have right now!
But unfortunately, he died a very long time ago...
Well... In a way, he did.
ERIN: So lemme guess, you're just insane because of the constant pressure of living up to your father's expectations?
ISHA: Huhu... Huhuhuhuhuhu...
ERIN: And you're performing illegal experiments on Lavender because that's what your father did to you?
ERIN: I'm right, aren't I? This is your truth, isn't it, Isha?
You're a pathetic man who was abused, and is using that as an excuse to bring harm to the innocent!
I'm sorry for what your father did to you, but this is unforgiveable.
LAVENDER: No,\| Erin, you have it all wrong.
ERIN: Huh?
The man you're talking to right now... \c[6]IS Isiah Halvard!
ERIN: Wh-What?!
ISHA: BAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHUHUHUHU HUHUHUHUH!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
???: Ahaha, well, yes, it's nice to meet you all.
My name is Isiah Halvard. Best brain surgeon pre-calamity\| and post.
ERIN: How is that possible? Isiah was found dead in his home!
ISIAH: Ah... I suppose calling myself completely Isiah Halvard is incorrect.
ISHA: You see, make no mistake. I AM Isha, son of Isiah, but I am also Isiah.
Let me put it this way... Half of my brain is Isha, and half of my brain is Isiah.
Not physically, but mentally, we are one and the same.
ERIN: You're not making any sense.
ISIAH: Let me start from the beginning.
It began when I was born a surgical prodigy.
At first, I truly wanted to help people, and I did. I brought hope to people who had none in the first place.
But as life went on, diseases became harder to treat. People's expectations were high.
The expectation I held myself to was too high. I became obsessed with success!
Originally, that was because I didn't want anyone to die. I did not want to bring upon despair to a family.
But eventually it became all about that number. My 99% success rate.
I did whatever I could to maintain it. Illegal practices, deals with the black market...
I played God,\| and as a result, God decided to play me.
At the age of 45, I was diagnosed with an illness that not even I could cure.
The doctor with a 99% success rate-- Diagnosed with an incurable disease!
I was horrified, but... It was so ironic, I couldn't help but laugh!
Bahahah...Huhuhuhuhuhhuhuhuhuh!
HUEY: This guy... is a psychopath!
ISIAH: I tried.
ISIAH: And tried.
ISIAH: And tried again.
But nothing I did would bring me closer to a cure.
I would soon die a painful death, resulting in my precious success rate to fall.
The humiliation of a doctor failing himself was too much to handle.
I needed more years to perfect an antidote...\| So I devised a little plan.
Immortality was still outside the realm of possibility, but even death isn't without loopholes.
Using my years of research, I found a way to transfer my memories onto a family member.
It took many tests, and many experiments, but eventually I was successful.
It's a shame my colleague had to rat me out...
ERIN: That's when you took your son and fled, right? When you were caught?
ISHA: That's right... Guess where I was taken? \PN knows...
HUEY: How does \PN know?
ISHA: They went to the place my father took me-- In Zone Zero.
\PN and two others visited the basement of my father's old home.
I still have that place under surveillance. So imagine my shock and horror when I saw you three running through my things.
Anyway, I was placed within one of the capsules, and my father in the other.
The process was only supposed to take a few hours, but due to the calamity, the procedure malfunctioned.
My stasis pods are designed to keep the person within them completely preserved as long as the internal battery runs.
I was kept in a coma-like state for the next 10 years.
When I woke up, I had the memories of myself and of my father Isiah.
HUEY: Your father took your life from you! Aren't you angry?!
ISHA: Angry?! Of course I was angry! I was scared too...
But I had all of my father's skills... I could easily make a name for myself once again, and I did.
This time I was going to uphold my own success rate.
HUEY: But what does this have to do with Lavender?!
ISHA: I'm getting there, you fool.
Everything was going well, until... I turned 45.
Call it fate, or call it the result of genius. My father's procedure worked a little too well.
The brain is very powerful you know. It's capable of all sorts of things.
The memories of my father, stored in my own brain, remembered my father's illness.
And reconstructed it once again.
ERIN: ...That would mean that... You're terminally ill again!
ISHA: Y-Yes... Death followed me to another body.
But this time, I had no relatives.\| All I had was myself.
I decided that I needed yet more time to work on a cure for this infernal disease!
The fate I thought I had escaped was here once more, so I looked for another vessel.
But it cannot be with just anyone. The two people must share a "connection" or else the procedure would end up in the death of both.
\PN and I first had a connection when we crossed paths on a bridge.
Do you remember that interaction, \PN? I sure did...
I obsessed over you, I couldn't stop thinking about you...
I wanted you to be my next vessel, but I had no idea how to find you again.
But I was blessed with Lavender and Veronica's situation. They brought you to me.
I was overjoyed, but then I realized that Lavender and I had a connection too. An even stronger one.
When Lavender was brought into my hospital, I instantly felt that connection.
A connection so powerful, that I knew... I knew that I could defeat this disease if our memories became intertwined!
DELPHA: We're not going to let that happen!
Your father may have stolen your life, but we won't let you take Lavender's!
ERIN: That's right. Best to just give up now.
ISHA: Give up...? I don't wanna... I want to keep living...
Why are you getting in my way...? Lavender won't die... She won't be hurt...
We'll just become one... We'll live happily ever after, the three of us.
HUEY: You sicken me...
ISHA: Nurse... Please take Lavender to her stasis pod........
LAVENDER: Wait, stop! Huey!!!!
HUEY: Lavender!
ISHA: As... For... The... Rest... Of... You...
I have a friend I wish to show you all.
And when you see it, I'm sure a certain fox here will be experiencing some regret.
DELPHA: ...?
GIRATINA: Guurahh!!
ERIN: That's a Legendary Pokemon... Giratina!
DELPHA: Isha kept this Pokemon in the underground lair.
I should have let it go when Lavender and I encountered it the first time...!
ERIN: Don't let up, just fight!
Even with Giratina?! The impossible should be possible!
ISHA: You traitorous beast... How could you leave me like that?
I've grown strong, just in case something like this happened.
Please do not get angry with me. I'm simply doing my job as a doctor.
I am the white blood cell, and you are the disease...
I will purge you. Let us begin.
If I fail, there's no use in living... There's just no use!
ISHA: Now that's just disappointing...
LAVENDER: I can't go in there! I'll get caught for sure...
LAVENDER: What is this? Is that a Pokemon?
LAVENDER: But if this is down here, it can't be good. We should find a way to release it!
LAVENDER: I guess you don't want me to release it...
But listen to me, Braixen. If Isha has this Pokemon down here, it can't be good.
I believe the consequences of releasing this thing is lower than the consequences of letting Isha keep it.
LAVENDER: Still against it... Hm...
What should I do?
LAVENDER: I'm going to release Giratina. I know you're against it, but...
LAVENDER: Oh no... We're caught!
LAVENDER: This panel seems to control whatever that machine is in the next room.
Sorry, but I'm turning you off now.
MEMORY DETACHER SYSTEM OFFLINE.
SCIENTIST1: I don't believe it. It's one thing after another with this place.
SCIENTIST2: And to think this is where our hard earned tax dollars are spent on.
SCIENTIST: Let's go check on the monitor.
LAVENDER: Now to help out that Braixen and break outta here!
LAVENDER: Huh? The door's not budging. Better not cause too much of a racket...
LAVENDER: Can't go this way. This room looks like it connects to the room with those scientists...
LAVENDER: I can hear people shuffling about... I should avoid this area.
I think... I think I could cry. I want to cry. Do I have permission to cry?
ISIAH: Behave, you insolent child! This is no time to have a meltdown!
ISHA: Why are we having a fight, father?
Let's just be happy together! Wait, you're not actually here, sorry. Oops.
ERIN: This is disturbing.
DELPHA: This must be a side effect of Isiah's procedure.
His brain is having trouble recognizing which memories actually belong to Isha, or Isiah.
As a result... We get this.
ISHA: I guess I am a bit juvenile... After all, I never got to live out a childhood.
ISIAH: Even after death you disappoint me!
ISHA: I think that's something my father would say... It's sad but isn't it a little amusing.
HUEY: This is the guy who was in charge of everyone in this hospital?
Lavender, Venam, and the others had to bear witness to this freak.
ISHA: Oh no... I could never act like this in public.
Your friends, everyone else, they were all in good hands.
I took care of all of them like they were my children.
But then that BITCH from Team Xen had to\c[6] take her and everything fell apart........
ERIN: ...Are you talking about Nastasia? Who did she take?
ISHA: Don't say that name!!! She'll come back if you say her name three times in a mirror...
She came here... After the explosion and demanded she'd have four of my patients.
Cassandra knows my secret... I had no choice but to oblige.
ERIN: Three of the four patients were Alice, Allen, and myself.
Who was the fourth?
ISHA: The fourth was-
HUEY: Get back here you bastard!
ERIN: Huey, wait!
HUEY: This is for torturing Lavender!
Mega-Multipunch!
HUEY: Huff... Huff... How'd you like that?
ISHA: I'm bored!
ISIAH: Don't interfere, insolent pest!
HUEY: Gwaahh!!
ERIN: Huey!
ERIN: Huey, grab my hand!
HUEY: I... I can't!
ERIN: Delpha, use Psychic to lift Huey back to safety!
DELPHA: Understood.
???: I got this!
HUEY: You almost killed me!
REN: Do it now!
???: Cross Poison!
ISHA: My generator... I needed that you imbeciles!
REN: We know.
ISHA: What do you mean "we"?!
VENAM: He's talking about me, that fourth patient.
Seviper, return!
ERIN: Venam...!
VENAM: Focus, Erin. Let's take care of this psychopath first.
ERIN: Got it.
REN: You're cornered, Isha.
VENAM: No way to escape, no way to perform your precious procedure.
DELPHA: Your life ends as Isha Halvard.
ISHA: My life ends...? I haven't... I couldn't...
But if I don't... I'll die... I'll die...
\ts[1]I'll die...
HUEY: Good.
VENAM: Huey. It's your time.
HUEY: R-Right.
HUEY: Hey Lavender, it's time to go home. That dumb doctor won't ever lay another finger on you.
LAVENDER: Huey...\| Everyone...\| Thank you.
Release Giratina.
Leave it here.
[Map530]
REN: What the... Where am I?
CRESCENT: This way, Ren... Don't keep me waiting.
REN: Crescent!
REN:\ts[1] What... The... Hell...?!
REN: This is seriously so creepy... What is this place, Crescent?!
CRESCENT: I'm going to ignore that remark. This is my place of residence.
My base of operations, if you will.
REN: You better have plans to tell me everything that's been going on.
And why do you have a framed picture of \PN and... whoever the rest of those people are?!
CRESCENT: I'm going to be the one talking here, so just listen.
And again, I'm going to ignore that last part before I become extremely irritated.
Now about why I brought you here...
You said you wanted answers, correct?
What if I could provide an answer to that one big problem that's just haunting you.
REN: An answer to a question that's been haunting me?
CRESCENT: What if I said there was a way to bring Melia back from the dead?
REN: Wh-What?! Bring Melia back from the dead?
Don't you dare screw with me... That's not possible.
Once someone is dead... They're just gone and...
CRESCENT: You and Melia had a really good relationship prior to all of this, right?
It's a shame that all ended just because Team Xen decided they wanted what was hidden inside her...
And all that effort for what? They got her killed for no reason.
But you, Ren, could give her a second chance...
A second chance at a life she never had.
Imagine how grateful she would be to you...
Imagine all the people who would look up to you.
Imagine everything that could happen with her once she's back.
\c[6]Imagine how much that would make her love you.
REN: This... What would I have to do?
CRESCENT: Hehehe...\| I thought you might turn around.
What you have to do is the simple part.\| I need you to join Team Xen.
REN: You're out of your mind, Crescent.
If you think I'm going to join the enemy just-
CRESCENT: Silence.
You won't be under their rule, you'll be under mine.
I want you to act as my mole. I need you to get information on something for me.
In exchange for getting the information I need,\c[6] I will revive Melia for you.
And while doing that, you'd be helping me take down Team Xen from the inside out.
Isn't that beneficial for both of us? You get Melia back and I get Team Xen's destruction.
REN: ...I... I don't know.
You're right when you say that it's beneficial for both of us, but...
You make it sound way easier than it actually is.
CRESCENT: Of course it won't be easy. But the rewards would be worth it, no?
And of course, I'd be here to protect you.
I believe you have the most potential out of your group to do this.
So, what do you say, Ren...? A deal?
REN: So I joined Team Xen, but as you quickly found out...
Crescent had manipulated me from the beginning.
Melia had never died that day, and Crescent knew that.
When Nastasia and I escaped to GDC, I cut ties with Crescent for good.
But in the end I was the only loser.
Crescent got the information she needed, and I got tangled into an inescapable situation.
[Map531]
REN: I never knew this place existed underneath Alamissa...
ALEXANDRA: It's my mother's garden. Damien and I used to play here with our friends when we were little.
ALLEN: Um, I don't mean to rush you, but where's Celine?
She's down here, isn't she?
AELITA: Celine is...
ALEXANDRA: Encased in ice, to be specific, in \c[6] Preservation Crystal.
Upon taking mortal damage, the crystal activates and envelops you.
It preserves your body while slowly healing your wounds.
My mother fought Madame X here and lost. She was carrying a Preservation Crystal from a spring found in Evergreen Forest.
AELITA: That's the spring that Anju protected.
DAMIEN: Just before Alamissa was attacked, she trained us and our friends.
ERIN: ...If she's out of commission, and you being rank 1.
Wouldn't that mean that you...?
ALEXANDRA: ...\|Yes.
At the current moment, I am the Champion of the Aevium League.
And that will continue to be the case until Celine finally wakes from her slumber.
But it's already been years now!\| I...
DAMIEN: Alex, remember what we talked about.
ALEXANDRA: Right... I have to compose myself. There's no turning back now.
Because of the pressure of keeping up my role of Champion, I ran away, but that's not the only reason why I left.
You do know of Storm-9, correct?
When the storm subsided, our people knew that one day it would return.
My father especially, told us to look out for signs of its return.
And it returned in the form of-
DAMIEN:\c[6] Nim.
RYLAND: ...I didn't expect the ones to disturb this area to be you all.
REN: We're not here to disturb you, we're just passing by.
RYLAND: ...So you saw those visions, right?
The ones I've layered around Alamissa?
HUEY: You're the reason we saw those visions?
RYLAND: Using the gems known as Timesplicer Stones, I've discovered a way to bring the past to the present temporarily.
It's my way of telling Alamissa Urben's story.
It's important that I keep its story alive. After all, no one outside the Badlands even knows this place exists.
REN: Why is this place so important to you?
Why do you choose to reside here instead of Sashila Village?
RYLAND: I'm not going to mince words. It's because I refuse to let go of my homeland.
This place was a beacon of hope for the people of the Badlands.
When the calamity began, it started in this very area...
REN: Which means you guys were hit the hardest, right?
RYLAND: That's right... And despite that, no one came to our aid.
We had to build our civilization from the ground up.
But even with all of us, creating a civilization where so much destruction took place was hard.
Our incredible determination was not enough to fulfill our wishes.
That's when a man named William Grevillea and his assistant, Herald Jenkel found our city.
With his vast amount of research and technology, he began to restore the nearby areas.
Oases started to spring up. Pokemon began coming back...
Just when things started to finally turn around...
Team Xen attacked us with the intent to kill each and every one of us.
And the one in charge of that invasion was none other than\c[6] Cassandra.
REN: D-Did you say Cassandra??
RYLAND: Recognize that name, Ren?
During that battle, something incredible happened.
Suddenly, the ground beneath Alamissa opened up and Cassandra called for an immediate retreat.
She thought that the crevice would finish the rest of us off. She got too arrogant.
My brother Adam and I both survived the attack, along with Alexandra and her brother Damien.
We searched for any survivors and brought them away to a new location.
If you've explored the desert, you may have come across the Ruined City?
That was our second home, and at the time, I was so certain we would die there.
But yet again, we were saved by a stranger. This time, a girl named Flora appeared.
She had come to finish what her father started.
She restored the land west of the Ruined City, and that's when Sashila Village was born.
REINA: Why are you telling us this?
RYLAND: Because I am explaining to Ren why I joined Bladestar.
REN: What's the point of explaining? I know we all have our reasons.
RYLAND: I wanted to make a point that we all fight for something. No matter what side we're on.
I'm sure, along with everyone else in this room, you have a story?
REN: ...I do. I've come a long way to reach this point.
RYLAND: As have I, and forgive me, but I believe it is impossible to see eye to eye.
I will never forgive Team Xen for what they have done to me and my people.
And I will not forgive those who chose to sit around and do nothing.
Therefore, and forgive me once more, I have to do this.
REINA: They have us surrounded?!
RYLAND: I know what you're here for, and I cannot allow you to enter Zone Zero.
REN: I knew things would get bad... \PN, let's take them on!
Reina, Huey, you take those two!
HUEY: Yeah, I got it! Leave it to us!
REINA: Leave it to us!
RYLAND: Take them out!
What? This is impossible! You're just ordinary trainers! O-Or are you?
You're even too strong for the Bladestar Elite units?!
GRUNT: R-Ryland, sir... These trainers are far too strong...
Us Elite class Bladestar Grunts are no match for them.
RYLAND: I must say that I am impressed by your strength.
\PN, you were one of the people who were involved in Flora's capture, were you not?
While impressive, I find your strength... Unfortunate.
RYLAND: To think there are trainers out there with this amount of strength.
It's trainers like you who cause so much pain.
REN: Ryland...
RYLAND: Pardon me, but I am speaking.
It's because of outsiders like you that caused the people of the Badlands to go through such hardship!
If the world didn't turn a blind eye to us, we wouldn't be in this position.
That's why I put my faith and trust into Flora.
She helped us when no one else would even listen to our pleas.
REN: But is that truly what you believe?
RYLAND: ...What?
REN: After everything you hope to achieve. Do you really think Flora is the one to do it?
You say you put your total faith and trust into Flora...
But you're a member of Bladestar. A high ranking member.
You know everything she's done and everything she's going to do.
RYLAND: Y-You... You don't know what you're talking about!
REN: I understand, Ryland. I get it.
I grew up in a place that was bogged down by past hardships I always wanted to be the one to change that.
I wanted to be the hero that brought the world to Goldenleaf.
Just like how you wanted to be the hero of the Badlands.
In that way, we are alike.
RYLAND: Alike? I beg your pardon? You dishonored yourself by joining an organization like Team Xen.
REN: And you joined Bladestar. A radical group that will stop at nothing for the world to accept their ideals.
But you don't have to be a part of that. You can still leave.
Try and shape the world how you see it. Not how Flora does.
You and I both know that she's not the one to change this place.
Don't allow yourself to be trapped by a cruel decision like I have.
RYLAND: I must admit. You read me like a book.
Seeing through my facade is something not many people can do, I'm impressed.
REN: Just let us through, Ryland. Please.
RYLAND: Personally, I still do think we cannot see completely eye to eye.
And you have a lot to work on as a person, but as do I.
But... As much good Flora has done for this place, you are correct, she is not the answer.
I blindly followed her ideals. I made myself believe that I was doing the right thing.
Because following her meant the restoration of the Badlands, but at what cost?
The destruction of everywhere else? We would be no better than the ones who let us rot here.
Flora... she's just as bad as Madame X. Ruthless, manipulative...
Sigh...
RYLAND: If you want to do things right, you have to do it yourself.
Alright, Ren, \PN and others... I'll let you all through.
REN: Phew... Thank you, Ryland.
GRUNTS: Whaaat? Are you betraying us??
RYLAND: Tell Flora that I greatly appreciate her for what she's done.
But I'll be taking over the restoration of the Badlands from here on out.
GRUNT: Flora's not going to be happy about this. You'll be sorry.
RYLAND: Everyone, there's something I must speak to you about.
As a member of high status, I've been briefed in on future missions and events Bladestar have laid out.
A lot of them have been crazy, but there's one in particular that I must warn you abo-
???:\ts[1] What's this? You made up already? That's not fun at all.
???: I don't suppose I'm interrupting something?
Like a cool summer breeze, I'll make my way into this conversation.
REN: It's you...?! Didn't I already give you enough of a beating back at the Voidal Chasm?!
REINA: Oh wow. Alexandra really wasn't lying about that. Whoops.
???: C'mon now... You only scuffed my boots a little.
It's not over until it's over. You get it?
REN: You... Did you really follow me all the way here!?
???: Ah-Ah-Ah, kitty cat. I'm not here for you. Put away those claws, now.
You know, I really thought this was going to go another way. It always does.
But only losers like you all stick to the same script.
A real man knows when to adapt to everything. Like a cup of red dye and sparkling clear water.
HUEY: What is he even talking about?
REINA: I dunno, but his silky smooth voice is totes to die for!
???: I 'preciate the compliment, little lassie. It's a shame I've gotta drop on in like this.
How about we all go on a ride? Admission for five?
RYLAND: Pardon me, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
We won't be going anywhere with you.
If you continue, I'm afraid I'm going to have to resort to violence. Is that clear?
???: I'm afraid you misunderstand. I said admission for five.
Sorry, but you are so not invited.
As for everyone else... Buckle up.
MELIA: I never would've guessed that Nim was the storm itself...
AELITA: It makes sense, though. Based off of the interaction we had with her recently at Zone Zero.
Remember, \PN? When Nim became unhinged, the weather started acting all weird!
REN: It lines up to what Alexandra said perfectly.
ERIN: I'm glad we had this revelation and all, but what does this have to do with us?
ALEXANDRA: Team Xen wants to bring back Storm-9, and they want to use the power of the Archetype to do it.
I have no doubt in my mind that Nim is in fact the storm.
As of right now I truly believe that Nim is not a threat, however...
Alice, Allen, Erin, and Melia... You four bear the mark of the Archetype.
The mark that symbolizes Arceus' true power.
The gift Arceus left behind for humanity.\| Have you ever wondered why?
MELIA: I...
ALEXANDRA: There is no other answer.
\c[6]The Archetype is divided between you four.
MELIA: But how is that possible? I don't understand-
DAMIEN: Can any of you explain the origins of your birth? Where you came from?
Who is your father? Who is your mother? When were you born?
ERIN: Well, you got us there.
I always knew I was adopted, though. Souta always made that clear to me.
ALICE: Allen and I don't remember our parents. We... Just remember our father's voice.
ALLEN: And even then we're not even sure that's our father. I can't really say.
MELIA: Before everything, I always believed Professor Jenner was my true father.
Since then, I've learned that we have no relation whatsoever.
Thinking about who my true parents are has always been difficult.
So, I guess I just haven't put too much thought into it...
ALEXANDRA: If you were born from the Archetype, then there are only two options.
The Archetype was used on a woman. She bore children, giving you a mother.
Or you were directly wished for by someone, leaving you with no parents.
From that deduction, you four could only truly have a mother, never a father.
DAMIEN: That aside, I don't think Team Xen is aware of Alice, Allen, and Erin.
But even capturing one of you will mean their victory.
ERIN: So, the easiest way to ensure that they don't have that victory...
Is to get rid of us.
REN: Wh-What?
ERIN: That's what you're thinking, isn't it, Damien?
I'm just basing this off your previous track record, but your quick go-to solution always seems to be violence.
I want to know, straight up, what is your intention? Why are we here?
DAMIEN: Cheeky girl. You're right. I think getting rid of the problem is the best course of action.
But Alexandra talked me out of doing anything rash, as usual.
We think we've come up with a... More humane solution.
ERIN: And that is?
DAMIEN: We train you.
ALLEN: T-Train us?
ALEXANDRA: Some of you are already seasoned trainers, however, there's a lot you still have yet to master.
Damien and I are capable of being the ones to sharpen your skills.
ERIN: And if we refuse?
ALEXANDRA: We'll respect your decision, but please understand that as a result of Nastasia witnessing what she did...
We're going to have to keep you all under close watch.
ERIN: Well, that certainly is annoying, but...
MELIA: I don't think there's a reason to turn them down, Erin.
Our opponents are getting stronger and stronger by the day.
We can't afford to lag behind in strength, or we'll just get run over.
REN: Besides, Alexandra is trustworthy. I think she'll lead us in the right direction.
ERIN: It's not that I doubt her intentions or her trustworthiness.
It's just...
VENAM: She's worried you're bringing her newfound friends and family into something too dangerous.
\sh\c[7]ERIN: Wh-What?! Stop spouting nonsense like that--
VENAM: You don't need to pop a blood vessel, I get where you're coming from.
But this isn't something we can run from anyway, y'know?
I think if we're better trained we'll stand more of a chance.
ERIN: ...I suppose that route is logical. You're right.
It's irrational of me to turn this down. I'm in if the rest of you are.
VENAM: I literally have nothing else to do. So, yeah.
ALICE: Like the others have said, I see no reason to object, so...
ALLEN: Getting stronger sounds fun anyway. Count me in!
REN: A yes from me.
AELITA: And me!
MELIA: Of course I'm in! It's a good chance to bond with each other, too.
Our strength will increase way more if we're together.
ALEXANDRA: And what about you, \PN? My friend?
ALEXANDRA: In that case, we can get past all this talking. Let's head back to my place.
Or I suppose, our place, now.
ALLEN: Our place? Uh... I don't mean to be rude, but your home is sorta small for all of us.
ALEXANDRA: Or is it? Follow me.
REN: Heh, it is scary, but that shouldn't stop us, and I doubt that's going to stop you of all people.
AELITA: Definitely. We were all scared when at the Pyramid and Zone Zero, but we prevailed anyway.
ALLEN: Not to be rude, Ma'am, but there's no way all of us can fit in your home.
It's far too small!
DAMIEN: Are you serious? You weren't paying attention?
ALEXANDRA: I must say... that is very disappointing.
I don't want to keep us all here any longer-- Frankly, due to obvious personal reasons, I won't.
But I must ask that you take this more seriously from here on out.
ERIN: *Sigh*, embarrassing.
ALEXANDRA: Anyway, we should head back to my place, or I guess, our place now.
ALEXANDRA: There's a secret passage behind this bookcase.
Pulling the top left corner, all three books at once, will result in...
Celine is encased in ice. It looks like she's sleeping peacefully.
Count me in!
I'm scared...
What are we talking about?
[Map532]
[Map533]
A strong force draws near...
COFAGRIGUS: Cofoa!
"Exhibit your strength to the king!"
Do you want to use Strength?
\PN used Strength!
A doorway opened somewhere!
Do you want to use the Golden Gauntlet?
Give up on the challenge?
Yes
No
[Map534]
**ZONE ZERO: KEEP OUT!!**
NASTASIA: Good, we're all here. I don't have to tell you that we're on a time limit here.
Take these. They're transmitters, use it to keep in touch with each other.
AELITA: Aren't these just walkie talkies?
NASTASIA: \ts[1]Transmitters.
NASTASIA: Now get going. Find that Rift so that we can proceed, understood?
AELITA: Understood!
REN: You can count on us, Nastasia.
AUDINO: Dinoo!
NASTASIA: Then get to it. I'll send Team B out shortly after you three depart.
Right, one last thing... Traversing through Zone Zero may require you to have certain types of Pokemon.
Luckily a lot of what you need will be available in the area.
To accelerate this mission, I've scattered some of my Grunts around to assist you.
NASTASIA: Excuse me.
AELITA: Alright, you heard the lady. Let's move on out! We got a Rift to find!
REN: Yeah, let's do this.
AUDINO: Audi?
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
\PN turned the key...
The shutters were lifted!
Locked.
[Map535]
This warp will take you back to the Zorrialyn Crypt.
Use it?
GUIDE: Huh? You interested in taking on the Zorrialyn Labyrinth?
You're not even from around here... Do you even know what this is?
GUIDE: Really now? That's impressive.
If you know a place like this, you might just be competent enough for...
Ah, nothin. Just forget I mentioned anything.
So you must be interested in taking on the Zorrialyn Labyrinth, right?
GUIDE: That's what I thought... No way an outsider like yourself would know!
This place is called the Zorrialyn Labyrinth.
As the name clearly states, it's a labyrinth. A confusing cave that seems never-ending.
But that's not true in the slightest! There is an end!
And they say the end contains a magnificent treasure! No treasure is greater!
But there's a catch... You only get a set amount of steps in the labyrinth.
After that expires, the labyrinth will chew you up and spit you right back here.
Apparently it has to do with some old Garufan curse or something.
I almost forgot! To proceed onto other floors, you'll have to find the floor objective.
After you find the objective, you gotta do what it says, or the door to the next floor won't open.
And the door shuts itself with each run, so no preparing for you!
Still interested? I'm sure you are...
\GOh, but of course, this course isn't for free... It'll cost ya $5,500 a run...
\GWOMAN: Thank you kindly!
WOMAN: Good luck!
WOMAN: Sorry, but you don't have the cash.
WOMAN: Ech...
\GGUIDE: You interested in trying the Zorrialyn Labyrinth? It'll cost $5,500.
GUIDE: Yikes, things didn't go your way then, did it?
Well, I healed your Pokemon and you're all raring to go.
Don't be so stupid next time, kid.
Fine.
No.
Yes
No
Sure.
No Thanks...
[Map536]
An impenetrable barrier blocks your way!
A strong force draws near...
"Defeat the sleeping Coffin."
A spirit seems to have been awoken...
COFAGRIGUS: Cofoaga!
A doorway opened somewhere!
[Map537]
"Present beings with power over Rock and Water."
\PN used Strength!
A doorway opened somewhere!
A strong force draws near...
[Map538]
NYMIERA:\ts[1] This is the story of how the world came into being.
\ts[1]A tale that tells the base of all life. Good and evil.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] In the beginning of time, there was a single deity.
\ts[1]A being so powerful and great, that light itself would bend at its presence.
\ts[1]The being was a kind, and benevolent spirit.
\ts[1]But it was also very lonely. It wished for companions to love. Creatures that would flourish under its light.
\ts[1]Because it demanded it, a woman and a man were born into the world.
\ts[1]The deity thought of the man and the woman as its own children.
\ts[1]Proud of its creation, it bestowed the gift of intelligence.
\ts[1]Alongside intelligence, they were given free will.
\ts[1]Both decided to dedicate their lives to worshiping and praising their creator.
\ts[1]Everyone loved one another. The man and the woman married and lived their lives under the powerful deity's protection.
\ts[1]Life was a paradise. Together, the man and the woman would build a family.
\ts[1]And lead the way for the rest of humanity to prosper.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] After this deity created humanity, it wished to bring new life.
\ts[1]Life which would stand equally to humans. Hand in hand.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] Using its powerful light, it created new beings.
\ts[1]They were all different shapes, sizes, color... They were perfect.
\ts[1]The deity named them\| Pokemon. \ts[1]Pokemon had wondrous abilities. Some could shoot fire. Some could control things with their minds!
\ts[1]Some could generate water! Some could even create imaginary worlds and illusions!
NYMIERA:\ts[1] Their God's creation soon flooded their gates.
\ts[1]From the north, the west, the south, and the east... All were welcome!
\ts[1]All were precious beings that were given life. That's how the woman saw them.
\ts[1]But the man... No, he thought differently.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] "We don't need Pokemon. Humans are the superior beings!"
\ts[1]"Why allow Pokemon to wield such power, but us humans cannot?"
\ts[1]"Why do you put us below Pokemon?! You've made a mistake, \|Father!!"
NYMIERA:\ts[1] The deity would not succumb to the man's anger.
\ts[1]"Pokemon and people are one and the same. Equal beings that both roam the earth in unity."
NYMIERA:\ts[1] The man rejected this notion, and decided to leave the woman and the deity. Forever.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] The woman tried to persuade the man to stay, but he wouldn't budge.
\ts[1]His stance was unshaken. He would not allow his former God to ruin what he thought he had.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] Not long after, tragedy struck.
\ts[1]Out of nowhere, a meteor struck the deity, splitting the being into three.
\ts[1]The meteor dragged one fragment far away.
\ts[1]The second fragment was mortally wounded. It could not hold its form for long.
\ts[1]It eventually disintegrated and fell apart.
\ts[1]As for the final one... The last fragment took a new name.
\ts[1]It is what we know today as Arceus.
\ts[1]Although it survived the impact, it was greatly weakened.
\ts[1]Arceus agonized over the thought of future dangers that may befall his children.
\ts[1]Therefore, Arceus made a decision.
\ts[1]Arceus told the woman, "I cannot stay the way I am for much longer.
\ts[1]But I shall grant upon you, a final gift.
\ts[1]An object that will act as the conduit between life and my power.
\ts[1]An object that will bend the world to its owner's bidding.
\ts[1]Take it, and store it away. Until then, await my reawakening.
\ts[1]I leave the world in the hands of you all. My beloved children. I shall be watching."
\ts[1]And thus, Arceus formed itself into an object we call,\c[6] The Archetype.
\ts[1]It was the embodiment of Arceus' love. A physical manifestation.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] The man and the woman knew if its existence was found out, it would only create chaos.
\ts[1]Both of them took The Archetype and sealed it away.
\ts[1]They promised that they would not use The Archetype for their own selfish desires.
\ts[1]And it rested peacefully. Awaiting the day that Arceus would return to its people once again.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] Though the two created their pact, it was broken soon after.
\ts[1]The man grew lustful for The Archetype's power.
\ts[1]He stormed the woman's castle. He demanded that the woman surrender.
\ts[1]The woman refused, and locked in combat with the man.
\ts[1]This feud began the first Pokemon war.
\ts[1]When other regions gained knowledge of The Archetype, they joined as well.
\ts[1]One war became two, two became four, four became eight...
\ts[1]And before long, the entirety of the world had been nothing but pain and suffering.
\ts[1]The woman, now Queen, and her son, now a Knight, fought for the safety of all beings.
\ts[1]All who entered the castle fell to the Knight's hand.
\ts[1]But even then, the effect of war pressed down deeply on the woman's heart.
\ts[1]Countless lives lost for nothing more than lust for power.
\ts[1]The war was at a standstill, at this rate, the entirety of the world would soon be nothing.
\ts[1]Tired and determined, the woman took matters into her own hands.
\ts[1]She decided that she had enough.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] The woman made her way to her castle with the past behind her.
\ts[1]She could no longer look back. The deaths of her family and friends pushed forward.
\ts[1]Her resolve was all that she needed to make the final move.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] She took The Archetype and gave her wish.
\ts[1]"Bring this war to an end! Give us the power we need to stop this!"
NYMIERA:\ts[1] Her words echoed through the sky, and finally, The Archetype responded with an empty glow.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] The Archetype did something the woman did not expect.
\ts[1] It had seemed as though her wish backfired.
\ts[1]Suddenly, the humans began to evolve. They became stronger, more intelligent.
\ts[1]Pokemon fell in power, and humanity began to overwhelm them.
\ts[1]The woman and her son were pushed back into their castle.
\ts[1]Her son fought valiantly, but he succumbed to his wounds in battle and perished.
\ts[1]The man presented his sword to the woman, in mockery.
\ts[1]The woman had given up. Hope was lost.
\ts[1]Her beloved God had betrayed her. Her husband turned on her. Her only child was killed in battle.
\ts[1]As she surrendered, a bright flash of light enveloped the sky.
NYMIERA:\ts[1] A man named AZ from a far off region had fired the Ultimate Weapon.
\ts[1]Its purpose was to destroy all sides of the war.
\ts[1]And that, it did.
\ts[1]The blast was so strong that it pierced the sky and flew into space.
\ts[1]The blast then rebounded and made its way back to earth.
\ts[1]In the light of that confusion, the woman pulled back her bow and shot one final arrow.
\ts[1]And the blast from the Ultimate Weapon,\| ended\| it\| all.
"NYMIERA: If you are reading this, then I hope it has reached my descendants.
Rejoice my kin, as a new era has come upon us!
In this letter, I bring knowledge that you must know and remember.
I will tell you this hidden tale that I have hidden from everyone in this world.
Or so... that's what I've told.
NYMIERA: Upon its destruction, a soul fell from the heavens.
It had landed in front of me, as if it was destined to.
A voice called out from this wandering soul and said...
"???: Nymiera, my child. Please listen well... I don't have much time to speak.
My name is Adrest, the third being in the trifecta of this world's deity.
Please bring my soul to the Grotto's Grounds. Lay my soul to rest and heal.
Please, I beg you."
NYMIERA: I did as I was told. I brought the soul to the Grotto, and sealed the soul of Arceus deep within.
The voice then spoke once more...
"ADREST: I shall lay here for the rest of eternity-- Until one day, when this world needs me again, I shall reawaken.
And I will inhabit the being that set me free. Together, we shall bring peace to this world again.
Keep this a secret, even from your family, until the time is right.
Hope for this world is not yet lost."
"NYMIERA: Quite recently, a trainer has visited me.
I believe they said their name was \PN. This person... hosts the soul of Adrest.
I felt it... No, I saw it. I saw him. Resting within \PN's soul.
Adrest has been set free, and if that is the case, this world has already been reset.
Please, bring \PN to the Obelisk. If Adrest is to wake up from his sleep, it should present itself to you.
To you and your family of the future. I bid you farewell one final time.
I love you all, and... Good luck."
???: *Sniff*... I'm... I'm so sorry.
???: It's okay, don't cry... I'm here, just like I promised.
Please don't cry...
???:\ts[1] I'm sorry, it was just too painful.
???: I understand, but we have to keep it together...
If not, we'll fall apart, and we need each other.
???:\ts[1] Are they here too?
???: Yes,\| they're listening as well.
???:\ts[1] What-\| What do you think of them?
???: I trust them... They seem good.
They make good choices and overall have been a good person...
???:\ts[1] I... see...
???: I don't know... I don't know what their intentions are.
???:\ts[1] I-I'm so sorry... I can't... I can't go on...
???: Wait, please!
???: Have you calmed down? We need to get back out there.
If we don't, Ren, Huey and Reina won't last... It's up to us.
???:\ts[1] Yes... I think I'm okay now.
???:\ts[1] That was selfish of me, I'm sorry.
???: It's okay! \|We're all here for you. C'mon, let's wake up now.
???:\ts[1] Yes, let's wake up now.
???: ...\v[12]? Thanks for being there for me.
[Map539]
This warp will take you back to the surface.
Use it?
Say the incantation Karen taught you?
\PN recited the incantation.
Pick up the item on the altar?
???:\ts[1] S...Selfish humans...
???:\ts[1] All you humans ever care about is power.... power!
\ts[1]Y-You will not leave from this place alive!!
And finally... it is done.
???: Long have I been trapped beneath my own layer of self hatred.
The selfishness of humanity caused me to perform unforgivable deeds.
And because of that selfishness, I was cursed.
I have waited for the day one fated soul would free me from this curse.
And it seems...\| Like that day has finally arrived.
Please, take the object placed on the altar. It is my final gift.\| Farewell,\| and thank you.
Get me the hell out of here.
This is where I belong.
Yes
No
[Map540]
It's a weird looking altar...
The Dark Core in your bag begins to rumble... Place the Dark Core on the altar?
\PN placed the Dark Core on the altar.
???: Dei!
DEINO: Dei!
VALARIE: The sun is so bright... The warmth feels good.
VENAM: How'd this place defrost so fast? I know I'm no scientist, but this seems a little too quick.
VALARIE: It's possible all that snow and ice was only here because Angie was active.
Now that she's no longer here, her influence has depleted instantly.
VENAM: But if that's the case, then why are those Rangers still encased in ice?
VALARIE: Perhaps they're in the same boat as Angie. They're trapped in her NeverMelt-Ice.
Even with Angie out of commission, her power remains, still.
VENAM: Someone should call Crawli and tell him what's up.
VALARIE: Will do.
MELIA: It's almost... a little too hot...
I'm sorry, but I... I can't... I can't go-
VENAM: Melia!
VALARIE: She's burning up... The cold must've really gotten to her.
Let's bring her back to Tesla's Villa. We can put her in Amber's room.
Go with them?
KREISS: Looks like all that ice is being cleared up now that Angie isn't active.
VENAM: Angie's only just been frozen. How are things clearing up so fast?
And why are the Rangers still encased in ice if that's the case?
KREISS: Remember kid, NeverMelt-Ice. It's one stubborn thing to get rid of.
VENAM: Guess so...
VALARIE: Oh thank goodness you guys are okay!
When I got here everything started melting. It was so weird.
Wait, what's wrong with Melia?! Is she okay?
VENAM: Melia's fine. She just needs a little rest.
KREISS: *Cough*...
VALARIE: O-Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't even acknowledge your presence.
VENAM: Kreiss, this is Valarie. Valarie, this is Kreiss.
KREISS: Pleasure to meet you.
VALARIE: Likewise. Anyway, what happened with Angie?
KREISS: I caught her off guard and froze her in her own ice. Specifically, Never-Melt Ice. Which the name implies, never melts.
As long as someone doesn't force her out, she'll never bother us again.
VALARIE: I... I see. This means the threat is gone for now, right?
KREISS: Yeah, should be. Nothin' more we can do.
Anyway, I'm going home. This old man's back is killing him and I can use a jacuzzi.
VALARIE: Huh? Old man? You look pretty young to me.
KREISS: Hah, thank you for the compliment, but I'm 56 years old!
VALARIE: Wh-What??
KREISS: But before I go, I wanted to give you guys something for saving me.
\PN received the Glacier Badge!
VENAM: That's a badge! Are you a...?
KREISS: That's right. I'm the Ice-Type Gym Leader of Neverwinter City.
The reason why I came down here was because someone else claimed to have my title.
And technically you didn't beat me in a battle, but I'll let this one slip and slide for now.
VENAM: Um... Okay?
KREISS: If you all are ever in the area, you should come say hello!
Oh, and one last thing... I found this while scurrying around Angie's Tower.
Valarie received the Water Relic!
VALARIE: This is the Ocean Relic!
KREISS: Ocean Re-hoowhatever. It just looked important so I grabbed it.
And with that, I'm off. Ciao guys.
VALARIE: He was strange.
VENAM: I agree and all, but can we go back to the resort now?
My arms are starting to feel like noodles. Melia's really heavy...
VALARIE: Yes, let's bring her to Amber's room. She can rest there.
Hello! Do you happen to have 10 Occa Berries?
I'll trade you either a Deepseascale or a Deepseatooth for them!
Thanks for the berries! Here is your Deepseascale!
Thanks for the berries! Here is your Deepseatooth!
It doesn't look like you have enough. Please come back when you do!
I'll be waiting here if you decide to change your mind!
Terajuma has a marriage tradition that involves catching two Luvdisc.
After catching the two, you'd bring them to Lover's Bridge and release them.
If the Luvdisc face each other, your marriage will be successful and filled with happiness.
If the Luvdisc face away from each other... Well...
It's always good to have a backup plan!
Yes
No
Deepseascale
Deepseatooth
[Map541]
RELICANTH: Canthao!
CLAMPERL: Pearla!
LUVDISC: Luuvv!
"Break their hearts."
A doorway opened somewhere!
A strong force draws near...
[Map542]
[Map543]
ROWLET: Roowwww!
Rowlet stares at you with a confused expression.
Something is glowing from within this rock...
Do you want to mine the rock?
It seems too sturdy to break or move...
There seems to be more valuables inside the base of the rock.
Open it up with Blast Powder?
DECIDUEYE: Kreoo!
Decidueye stares at you with a confused expression.
It's a mossy rock.
Yes
No
[Map544]
Best not to go back this way...
Nonfunctional.
Call the elevator?
Going down!
AELITA: ...
The doors to the lab won't budge... The place must've caved way back when.
Hm... Wasn't there another elevator around here?
It didn't work before, but I guess it wouldn't hurt to try it again.
AELITA: Uh, what is this thing?
???:\c[1] I AM A MORE RECENT MODEL OF THE SECURITY ENHANCED COMPONENT.
\c[1]ALTHOUGH I WOULD AFFECTIONATELY BE REFERRED TO AS "SEC 2.0", I PREFER PEOPLE TO CALL ME CLARA.
AELITA: Oh hell... Really? Another one of those annoying robots?
I thought we were done with you all!
CLARA:\c[1] PHYSICAL APPEARANCE SUGGESTS THAT YOU ARE NOT PART OF TEAM XEN.
\c[1]SUBJECTS THAT ARE NOT PART OF TEAM XEN'S DATABASE ARE REQUIRED TO LEAVE THE PREMISES IMMEDIATELY.
AELITA: We're not leaving here until-
CLARA:\c[1] LEAVE NOW.
AELITA: I said we're not leaving! Now get out of our way!
CLARA:\c[1] LEAVE NOW. LEAVE NOW. LEAVE NOW. LEAVE NOW. LEAVE NOW.
AELITA: Urgh... What's with this thing? It's acting so... weird?
CLARA:\c[1] NAUGHTY CHILDREN THAT MISBEHAVE ARE SENT TO THE BUNKER FOR THEIR CRIMES.
AELITA: Hey! Let go of me!
???: Muhahaha! Fell right into my hands. Child's play.
MADELIS: Don't think I've just let you run around my mountain without any supervision, children!
We've been watching you both every step of the way.
It looks like a certain someone has gone back on our deal...
So I'll just keep Aelita by my side for a little while, oookay?
Don't take too long, or I might just have to do something to satiate my boredom.
The doors won't budge.
AELITA: Hah! The real next Sensei cannot be defeated!
Hopefully that magma doesn't cause too many problems, but...
If he's the new "Sensei" then Texen is going to have to figure it out. Hmph.
KETA: Where are you going? Do you need to leave?
Fine, but you better return or I'll find you.
KETA: Let's keep pushing forward, then!
Go up?
AELITA: We've been at this for so long. Where are we now?
How much longer until we-
AELITA: Oh... I see.
AELITA: You know, after all we've been through...
I don't think this shocks me as much as it would have.
But that has to be where the Sensei went, right?
AELITA: Yeah... That has to be where he went!
C'mon, \PN! We can't give up now!
AELITA: Whoa, it looks like this elevator is suddenly working now.
Huh? It looks like it's been used pretty recently too...
Well, no matter, let's take this elevator down and see where it leads us.
Yes
No
B1
None
[Map545]
EMPLOYEE: Excuse me, but you aren't allowed in here!
What's the point of invading us like this?
EMPLOYEE: Should we call the cops or do nothing? Not sure.
ANASTASIA: Okay Mr. Ren, we gotta go to the rooftop, which can be-
REN: Sorry, kiddo. I gotta do something first.
*Floor: 64th reached*
ANASTASIA: What are you doing? We're supposed to go to the 73rd floor...
REN: We'll get there, but we're taking a little detour first.
EMPLOYEE: The President won't stand for this!
We will protect the President without fail!
EMPLOYEE: The President is going to be so mad at all of us...
No way am I allowing you access into the greenhouse room!
REN: Trust me, I don't even care about it.
REN: It should be somewhere around here.
REN: Alright, now I just gotta look in the directory...
Where, oh where can this little file be?
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren! Are you stealing from the company?!
REN: It's not stealing... \|Technically.
ANASTASIA: You told me that stealing was wrong, and now you're doing it!
Well you know what? I don't want\| any \|part\| in\| this!
REN: Then go sit down and wait till I'm done, jeez.
First I gotta babysit my sister, and then I gotta babysit Huey.
And christ is that 10 jobs in one. I mean how can someone need to eat so often?
And now I'm breaking in Rejuv Co. with the President's child.
I wonder if I can put this on my resume...
There it is! \| Ah, so it's hiding there then?
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren are you done being a criminal?
REN: A criminal?! I'm... I'm not a criminal!
ANASTASIA: ...Hmph.
REN: Alright, I got what I needed. Let's go see your mother.
ACE: I. AHM. THE STRONGEST EMPLOYEE HERE!
ANASTASIA: Oh no, it's Ace! The strongest employee here!
ACE: YES. THAT IS WHAT I SAID.
REN: ...
ANASTASIA: ...
ACE: ...
I... THE STROWNGESS EMPLOYEE... HAS. BIN... DEFEEE TED..
ACE: ...\| WELL, BUH BAI!
REN: You said the 73rd floor was the rooftop, right?
ANASTASIA: Yeah...
REN: Let's get on up there then.
EMPLOYEE: Isn't that the President's daughter?
Anastasia, come with me right now!
EMPLOYEE: Anastasia, why are you running around like a hooligan?
EMPLOYEE: Um, you're going to get in a lot of trouble for this.
If you leave now, you won't get in as much trouble!
We'll also throw in a 5% discount at our gift shop!
REN: Sorry, I'm not interested... Thanks for the offer, though!
ANASTASIA: Mr. Ren, what are you doing!!? We gotta get up to the roof...
REN: S-Sorry, sorry. Okay, let's go.
EMPLOYEE: You've got a long way to go!
I've got a long way to go...
Why is this happening?!
Nonfunctional.
ANASTASIA: No leaving! We gotta do this now!
REN: O-Okay!
EMPLOYEE: You're under arrest!
I'm under arrest for being so bad at this...
EMPLOYEE: Please don't tell the President on me!
ANASTASIA: Okie dokie, Mr. Ren. We gotta go to the highest floor!
REN: Don't worry, kiddo. Just leave things to me.
ANASTASIA: I'm not as strong as you, but I'll do my best to help!
REN: Oh, it's an email from Nastasia...
REN: Is that file really here? If that's the case then...\| Interesting.
ANASTASIA: Is there something wrong, Mr. Ren?
REN: Nah, don't worry about it. Let's go.
EMPLOYEE: We're recording all of this!
This is going to go viral and I'll get rich and famous.
EMPLOYEE: I'm going to be rich~...
[Map546]
[Map547]
The cave is corrupted!
Poor cave is trying to push out water from the ocean, but it's too backed up with poisonous gunk!
I wonder if there's a way to \c[6]purify this cave...
[Map548]
MADELIS:\ts[1] ...*Sob*... *sniff*... *sob*...
CLERK: Good evening, ladies. Are you here for the Grand Dream Ball?
ERIN: That's correct. Here's my ticket.
CLERK: Hm... I see. Excellent, and yours, madame?
MELIA: Yes, here it is.
MELIA: W-Wait, where's my ticket? I thought I just had it?!
ERIN: Oh no... Melia, come on. Don't tell me you lost your ticket?!
MELIA: I... I didn't lose it, I swear! I just had it on me!
M-Maybe I forgot it in my old clothes. I'll go back to the theater and check.
ERIN: We don't have time for that. The party already started.
MELIA: If I use Hapi, I'll be able to make it. I promise!
ERIN: ...Sigh, fine. Hurry up. I'll wait for you here.
ERIN: Excuse me, have you seen two suspicious individuals appear anywhere near here?
CLERK: I'm sorry, I haven't seen anything like that.
ALICE: Oh! Erin! It's so wonderful to see you!
ERIN: ...Huh? Aren't you two those kids that appeared out of a box?
ALICE: Hmm? You don't remember us? How could you?!
ALLEN: Yeah, after all that time we spent together!
ERIN: ...What are you talking about? We only just met.
???: Don't try to think about it.
RHODEA: I'm surprised to see you here, Erin. Did you get an invite to this party?
ERIN: Melia and I got our hands on some tickets so we came to see what this place is about.
But Melia forgot her ticket and now I'm waiting for her.
RHODEA: I see... I was supposed to be here with Florin, but...
...
He... He won't be joining us ever since he was...
ERIN: Ever since he was...?
RHODEA: It's nothing. Anyway, I sorta wish these two lost their tickets as well.
He's nowhere to be found. I even tried calling him.
ERIN: Nope, can't say I have.
RHODEA: Sigh.. Where is he?
Anyway, I sorta wish these two lost their tickets as well. They're such a pain to deal with.
RHODEA: I see... By the way, have you seen Florin?
ALICE: Hmm? What was that?
RHODEA: Oh, nothing!!
ERIN: Listen, you say you were like, a community manager or something?
RHODEA: That's correct. Do you need anything?
ERIN: I just saw two Bladestar Grunts walk towards this building, but they seemed to have disappeared.
I don't have to tell you why that's bad, yes?
RHODEA: You don't. If that's the case, I'll go ahead and notify Officer Jenny.
Could you take Alice and Allen up to the Ballroom?
ERIN: I would, but like I said, I'm waiting for-
RHODEA: Listen to me, Erin. These two have caused me never ending suffering.
Do you know what it's like to be a kindergarten teacher?
I SURE DO!!!!
I just need some time to myself before my head explodes into a million pieces.\| Okay?!
Once I notify the police, I'll go ahead and wait for Melia myself.
ERIN: ...\|Sure.
RHODEA: Great! I'll be right back. Don't give Erin trouble!
ALICE: But of course! We'll be on our best behavior!
ERIN: Oh... It was just the door. Damn.
ALICE: Eriena, are you okay?
ERIN: I don't know what it is, but I'm on edge right now. It's-
ERIN: What did you just call me?
ALLEN: Looks like we're here! Let's go to the Ballroom!
ERIN: ...
???:\ts[1] Huh...?\| Where am I?\| Ah, I must be asleep...\| Yes, asleep.
\ts[1]Am I going to have that dream again,\| I wonder?
\ts[1]Yes, that very same dream...\| The one with...\|My friends and I?
\ts[1]But... was it a dream? I have to recall it once more.\| I want to recall it once more!
Please,\| show me that dream!
\ts[1]Show me that dream of my friends!
ERIN: No...
You two, we're leaving right now.
ALICE: Oh? But we've just arrived! I still haven't had my tea!
ERIN: You won't drink tea ever again if you don't come with me right now!
WAITRESS: I'm sorry, is there something wrong? Please go back to your table.
ERIN: Out of the way. We're leaving.
WAITRESS: Everything's fine. Just go back to your table.
ERIN: I said out of the way!
WAITRESS: Please go back to your table. Everything's fine.
ERIN: What the hell is wrong with all of you?!
CASSANDRA: What's going on? What's with all the noise?
WAITRESS: Do not worry, Cassandra. Your time shall come soon.
CASSANDRA: What was that?
MELIA: Amanda...\| Is that you?
AMANDA: Last time I saw you, you were on your way to Route 2.
MELIA: ...
AMANDA: Tell me... Is this what you're looking for?
MELIA: Th-That's my ticket!
AMANDA: You know something, Melia?
You should've stayed dead.
MADELIS: This party seems to be going... well enough.
The color of this room looks like vomit. Who would pick a color scheme like this?
CASSANDRA: I picked it, Madelis. Are you insulting my design choice?
MADELIS: What answer do you want to hear?
CASSANDRA: The answer that won't persuade me to call HQ about your incompetence.
MADELIS: On second thought, this place reminds me of home.
CASSANDRA: That's much better.
You know, this room used to look really different a week ago.
MADELIS: Did it now? Hm...
CASSANDRA: Yes, I redesigned it because I had a spark of inspiration.
You should know this color scheme more than anyone else.
MADELIS: ...
CASSANDRA: You should know because... \|They're Lisbeth's favorite colors.
MADELIS: Don't... talk about Lisbeth.
CASSANDRA: What?\| Don't tell me you don't like to talk about your own sister?
Is that too painful of a memory? Am I pulling some heart strings?
MADELIS: Cassandra, you're pushing it.
CASSANDRA: You need to cool off. Why don't you go get us some drinks?
That is your job here, isn't it? Get to work.
CASSANDRA: Oh dear...
CASSANDRA: Oh, how awful... Look at what you've done now.
MADELIS: Y-You were the one who...
AUDIENCE: What a rude waitress.
AUDIENCE: Is that how they train those hooligans down in the slums?
MADELIS: Gghh...
CASSANDRA: Now, now, Madelis... Look at the mess you've made.
And now you're causing a scene. Tch. Disappointing.
Why don't you go take a walk and clean up?
FLORA: Cassandra...?\| Oh Cassandra...
You can hear me, can't you?
You know who I am. You've always known.
But your gall. Your endless sense of pride... It was your downfall.
You let me continue because you believed that I was not a threat.
But leave a wound, and it will become infected.
And that infection, will lead to your demise.
CASSANDRA: What is going on?! What is this madness?!
FLORA: Listen well, Cassandra.
My name is Flora Grevillea.\| I am your executioner.
You and all the other corrupted scum that fester my home.
FLORA: And in the name of my father, William Grevillea...
\ts[1]YOU WILL ALL INCINERATE IN MY FLAMES.
ERIN:\ts[1] I finally... found something to live for... and it's already being taken away.
Sometimes I ask myself if...\| If I was paying the price for my past mistakes.
A child born with no parents. With no love. With no compassion.
No purpose.
No...
I do have a purpose.
And for that purpose, I promise you, I won't die.
I refuse to die...\| I cannot...
ERIN:\ts[1] I REFUSE TO DIE HERE!
[Map549]
ISHA: I was wondering who was running around my hospital like it was some sort of park.
Though, never in my day did I think that we would cross paths again, Mosely.
And \PN? When I said I wanted to see you for a checkup, this isn't what I meant.
And \PN. The friend of the one who was turned to stone.
MOSELY: I... I don't know you! Get out of our way!
ISHA: Playing the amnesia card? Come now, you're better than that.
And what's this? Stealing from me?
ISHA: Xalviera XII?! \| What could you possibly accomplish with this?
MOSELY: That's none of your business you ass!
Get out of our way and let us leave!\| You ass!
ISHA: Hmph... You do know that this is our last vial?
Do you understand the ramifications of stealing this? Do you?
MOSELY: I don't care about any ramificawhatnow. I need this for Maman, or else she'll...
ISHA: Did...\| Did you say "Maman"?
I understand this situation, then.
Normally, I'd press charges for breaking and entering, but this is a special case.
You two, please come with me.
MOSELY: Yeah, it's in here... It'll take some time to open this thing.
MOSELY: I'm just gonna guess or something. Yeah! Now uh, be on the look out.
MOSELY: Nah, I got this! Just lookout for-
OFFICER: Freeze! You two are under arrest!
MOSELY: Hold them off for a bit! I'm almost done!
OFFICER: Resisting arrest? This won't look good on your record!
Just don't cause any more trouble!
OFFICER: I didn't expect these common thieves to be so strong.
We're going to need backup.
MOSELY: Alright, I got it... It's called Xalviera XII.
This is what Maman needs to survive. I know it is.
Let's get out of here, \PN!
OFFICER: What compels you to do this?
This is lower than low...
OFFICER: Think of the poor people!
(MAMAN: I remember this encounter very fondly because we were just getting our nursing ward opened up.)
Soon after I finished my duties, I heard a rather... rambunctious child enter the room.
MARCINE: And this is the nursing ward? I must say, it's top quality.
LENZO: Yes, darling. All the children who require medical assistance will be placed in this ward.
Little Mosely will work as the head nurse one day. Isn't that right?
MOSELY: Mrgg...
MARCINE: Mosely, manners. Please answer your father.
MOSELY: Yes... Father.
LENZO: Very good. Come, let's look around shall we?
(MAMAN: I remember watching you walk past me.
Your hair was clean and brushed. You were wearing a blue dress with a white blouse and pink shoes.
If I never saw you then, I don't think I would ever imagine you looking like that.
But I could see the pain you were in. So young, but you were forced to act like an adult.
You never wanted to live like that. You just wanted to be a child.
Suddenly, my daughter and I fell very ill. We were checked in separately, but my condition was far worse.
MAMAN: One day while in bed, I overheard the same family fighting.
"MARCINE: Mosely, you'll never get into a good school if you don't keep up your grades!
Time and time again I get calls from your principal about different meaningless things!
Can't you just forget about Pokemon and go to school?!
MOSELY: Mother, I don't want to be a nurse!
I want to explore places and meet cool new Pokemon!
MARCINE: And what about us? Are you just going to leave us?
What's the point of having a child if they're just going to disobey everything you say?!
We've sacrificed EVERYTHING to make sure your life would be secure!
MOSELY: I didn't ask for that! I don't want to be what you want me to be!
I wanna be me! And that person is an explorer! I wanna-
MARCINE: I don't want to hit you, but you're a child and you have no idea what you're talking about.
One day you'll see... You'll see that we've done all this for you.
Soon after, I've been declared terminally ill. There was nothing that could be done for me.
But, that came with a price. My doctor, Isha, came to me about something.
He didn't want his 100% success rate to suffer, so he offered me something I couldn't refuse.
Once he developed a cure for my daughter's illness, he would give it to her for free.
But in exchange for that, I had to disappear. I had to erase myself from society.
Maman would no longer exist. I never checked into that hospital and Isha never treated me.
My husband's a sailor. He runs the ferry from Route 10 to Neverwinter daily.
There's no way he could sustain our daughter's hospital bills.
It was a selfish decision to make, but if it meant being selfish, or having my daughter die...
I'd rather be the enemy. I took him up on his despicable offer.
I was told to find my last resting place and just wait, so...
I made my way to my old hometown, Akuwa Town and settled south from there.
MOSELY: OK! This is the Physical Rehab place thingy.
They bring patients here to do whatever, I dunno. Who cares?
We gotta get down to the level below this. That's where they're keeping the meds.
MOSELY: Um, yeah! I found a layout on the um, the internet!
It's real ez to find whatver you want, as long as you look hard enough.
MOSELY: No! This is my first time! Honest!
Whatever, dude. I don't wanna get caught sooooooo...
OFFICER: Hey, you tripped an alarm!
Oh no, we were the last line of defense!
OFFICER: Does this mean... you'll get away?
Locked.
MOSELY: It's in here... I know it. But the stupid door is locked!
This door is magnetically locked. There's gotta be something around here we can use to open it...
MOSELY: Aw shitt, the police are on the way! We gotta hurry!
We can't fail now! Maman's life depends on it!
OFFICER: Really? Stealing from a hospital?
You're scum!
OFFICER: We're going to have to call backup.
OFFICER: I won't move!
MOSELY: We're not getting out this way...
OFFICER: You two are under arrest! Submit to the law!
MOSELY: I'm not going back to jail!
OFFICER: Your efforts are futile! In the name of the law, fall!
OFFICER: Yikes, well, I'm still not moving. I have more colleagues downstairs!
This terminal can unlock all doors in this ward!
Unlock the doors?
\PN unlocked the doors!
UNIDENTIFIED PRESENCE LOCATED IN MAIN ROOM. INTRUDER ALERT!
CALLING THE GDC POLICE AT ONCE.
Police are on the way!
OFFICER: You're under arrest!
This strength is unmatched!.
OFFICER: I can't believe you beat me!
You know the combination?
Need help?
Do you know where to go?
Have you been here before?
Yes
No
[Map550]
I dunno what everyone is getting all fussy about. This weather is awesome!!
The name "Gregorian Lake" is carved into the side of the boat.
DRIVER: Would you like me to drive you to Hiyoshi City?
DRIVER: Let's hit the road!
Come see me whenever you need a lift!
"Gregorian Lake".
Even the beautiful Gregorian Lake is suffering from this infernal weather!
What is going on with this wretched region?!
I came out to the lake to unwind, but this is becoming even more stressful...
Yes
No
[Map551]
ANASTASIA: Y-You're Maria's friend!
The one from before... right?
Are you here to look for her too? That's good...
I came down here to look for her too, but then there was an earthquake.
Lots of rocks fell down. Some of them fell into the pit with spikes and slab came out of the wall!
The one who made the spikes... Is it supposed to be a pitfall trap?
Is something supposed to fall in so that the slab can...
.....
Master Indriad must not be disturbed. We will protect him at all costs.
What are you doing? Why must you persist?
You won't win. We shall be victorious.
Your party has been healed!
Press the button?
Gardevoir has instructed us to remain here and wait for more intruders.
If we fail, that'll be the end of us...
The end is near. Be prepared.
HUEY: All that shaking and rumbling... It must be Ren.
That Gardevoir pulled such a dirty trick on us before, but I won't let it happen again!
If I was in a Rift myself, that means Reina must be suffering the same way!
We gotta hurry!
???:\ts[1] Help...
HUEY: Th-This place is way too spooky for me. I'm gonna puke again, that's it.
REN: You're not going to p- Wait, again??
REINA: He puked while we were at the lake.
HUEY: I get squeamish whenever I get nervous...
REN: What about you, Reina?\| Scared?
REINA: Hm... Not really scared, but that's because I don't really understand what we're up against.
REN: Think of Uncle Leo at Aunt Lisa's wedding when he didn't get his meds or slice of dulce de leche cake.
REINA: Holy shit my heart just dropped. It's literally in my ass right now.
REN: Wh-What? Reina!
HUEY: Hehehehe.
REINA: What? It's true! You can't just drop a bomb on a girl like that, jeez.
HUEY: Let's explore!
REN: Instantly regretting this.
REN:\ts[1] Aaah... Aaah...
\ts[1]Instantly regret.... Instantly... regret...
REN: I just... glitched out again... Just like I did at the Voidal Chasm...
Why here...? What's different about this place?
I can't just stand here. I have to keep going.
We will be free from the prison that is Earth!
Don't you want to be free?!
When we're all free, we will be one with each other.
HUEY: Um, this is so scary looking...
HUEY: That's a Rift! Reina must be in there!
<o=175>ANATHEA: Yes, Huey is right. This Rift is the same as before.</o>
<o=175>There is most definitely a person within this Rift. A girl?</o>
<o=175>Like before, I can enter the Rift, but you know what will happen, be ready.</o>
???:\ts[1] I've traveled so long... To make sure my brother was okay.
???:\ts[1] I've travelled so long... To make sure my brother was okay. \ts[1]After so much traveling, I found that he had joined Team Xen...
\ts[1]But then... I find out that everything was just a misunderstanding.
\ts[1]But is it?! Is it or is he lying to me? To all of us?!
\ts[1]He's going to kill us. He's going to kill all of us! I know it!
\ts[1]I won't let him do this. I won't let him kill everyone!
Why won't you let me... Why?!
REINA: You all were in my head... Why did you guys do that?!
HUEY: It was the only way to free you. Don't worry, it happened to me too.
REINA: Now you all know what I've been thinking this whole time...
But they've only been thoughts... Feelings I never wanted to act on.
I don't actually want... I don't want Ren to...
HUEY: Forget about it. We have to go find Ren before that Gardevoir completely destroys him.
REINA: Ren! You're totally right, I can't believe I forgot!
Oh hey, is that a ghost? Cool!
<o=175>ANATHEA: I am Anathea. Pleased to meet you.</o>
HUEY: Th-That's really your reaction to all this?!
REINA: Eh, Ren and I live in Goldenleaf Town. We practically live with ghosts.
But um, we gotta go! My brother is in trouble!
Master Indriad has plans for Maria, and for the rest of this miserable planet.
I will fight... I will fight 'till the end!
I won't give up! I won't allow us to lose!
<o=175>???:\ts[1] Maria, my child... I can feel your presence. </o>
<o=175>ANATHEA: \PN, is that really you? How long has it been? </o>
<o=175>I can somehow feel Maria's presence somewhere in this dungeon..</o>
<o=175>Perhaps... that's why I appear before you once more.</o>
<o=175>Yes, that must be it! Maria's presence has awakened me once more!</o>
<o=175>\PN, please help me find Maria! I will do my best to help you out as well.</o>
I'm the final maid... Everything is counting on me!
I lost?! What will happen now?!
No... I cannot allow... No...
<o=175>ANATHEA: I can feel the aura of a person within this rift. </o>
<o=175>I don't think you'd be able to do anything in its current state. </o>
<o=175>But I can probably get in myself.</o>
<o=175>It will probably get really dangerous, so be careful...</o>
???:\ts[1] What's the point of even acting like I'm happy...
\ts[1] On the outside I act as if I've got no care in the world.
\ts[1]But on the inside I'm torn up.
\ts[1]Do you know what I told Rune before she went missing?
\ts[1]We got into a fight and I told her that I hated her.\| And now she's gone.
\ts[1]And then Ren and his sister came into the picture...
\ts[1]I grew jealous of both of them. So jealous, that I thought...
\ts[1]I thought... If I had to suffer, then so should they. I wished they were separated!
\ts[1]I'M A TERRIBLE HUMAN BEING....
\ts[1]I just want my sister back...\| I JUST WANT RUNE TO BE WITH ME AGAIN!
Arrghhaaaauhh!!!
HUEY: Why did they let you inside my head like that...
No one was supposed to know what I said to my sister...
HUEY: Wait, \PN?! I thought it was Ren or Reina...
Oh... Um, is that a ghost?
<o=175>ANATHEA: My name is Anathea, pleased to meet you.</o>
HUEY: *Gulp*... Um, nice to meet you too.
Anyway, \PN, I'm glad to see you're awake. We were all really worried...
HUEY: WAIT... Where's Reina and Ren?
HUEY: It sounds like someone is fighting...\| Is Ren fighting that Gardevoir?!
Yes
No
[Map552]
???: Ren!
NYMIERA: I want to thank you for coming this way.
But I must apologize and ask that you leave the rest of this to us.
When you get back to my house, please check behind the bookcase in my room.
Things will be clear when you do.
Goodbye, Ren, Reina, and Huey. Hopefully we will meet again in the future.
NYMIERA: One last thing...
Tell \v[12] when they wake up,\| that we will meet again when \c[6]the Obelisk emerges.
REINA: When the obelisk emerges? What is she talking about?
HUEY: Why does she want us to leave all of a sudden? What about Kanon?
I thought he was our only ticket out of here...
REN: I don't know... Maybe we should just turn back and search ourselves.
GARDEVOIR: I don't quite remember inviting you three.
REINA: *Scoff*, The people behind RSVPing are always so incompetent.
But I can assure you that we are definitely on the list.
HUEY: Yeah, can you check again?
REN: Guys, what the hell?
HUEY: I dunno. Just wanted her to check again or something.
GARDEVOIR: I've had enough of these games.
Master Indriad's plan is almost to fruition. I cannot allow anymore interference.
REN: I don't care about this Indriad person! Where is Kanon?!
GARDEVOIR: Kanon has been stored deeper within the ruins.
Originally I had placed a tracker on Nymiera's lackey to finally reveal her location.
But fate granted me with something else, Kanon.
Look how marvelously it has worked. Like roaches scavenging for food-- They've all appeared.
REN: You wanted Nymiera to show herself? Why? Who is Nymiera?
GARDEVOIR: There's no point talking to death fodder.
HUEY: D-Death fodder?
GARDEVOIR: But of course...\| You didn't think you three would leave here alive?
REN: R-Reina?! Huey!!
What the hell did you do?!
GARDEVOIR: There's something interesting about you in particular.
That body of yours...\| It's artificial, isn't it?
REN: ...!
GARDEVOIR: Hmph, I knew it. It lacks human aura.
Care to tell me why you're walking around in an empty shell?
REN: I'm the one asking the questions! Where is Huey?! What the hell did you do to my sister?!
GARDEVOIR: Your questions are meaningless to me.
I have let your kind roam free for far too long.
I believe it's time I truly get serious.
GARDEVOIR: There's far too much on the line to let things continue as they are.
I will do anything in my power to stop anyone who gets in Master's way.
REN:\ts[1] I don't think you heard me before...
What did you do to my friend and my sister?!
GARDEVOIR: Ahahaha... Interesting.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
Come.
REINA: Ren, can you hear me?! Ren!!
HUEY: He's so beat up... Did Gardevoir really do all of this?
REINA: I have to check if he's breathing...
REINA:\ts[1] What...?
What's going on? What is this? This is not my brother!
HUEY: Um, what are you talking about? This is clearly Ren.
REINA: But this body... it's... mechanical.
HUEY: M-Mechanical? What are you talking about?
???:\ts[1] There's no use trying to wake him. He's gone.
GARDEVOIR: And my, what a pleasant surprise... You've brought \PN with you.
Why am I not surprised that you've chosen to group yourself with these impure beings.
Even you are among such vermin.
REINA: What did you do to my brother?!
GARDEVOIR: Ahah... That thing is not your "brother". It's an empty shell.
It's what he deserves for hiding away in that pathetic excuse for a body.
REINA: You... monster!
GARDEVOIR: Huh...? That presence... Is that wench with you? Anathea?
Don't try and hide from me, you witch. I can sense you.
<o=175>ANATHEA: ...</o>
GARDEVOIR: I'm impressed, Anathea. It takes true strength to linger on this planet after death.
<o=175>ANATHEA: Gardevoir... Why are you doing this?</o>
<o=175>Don't you see? Everything you've done is for what? To protect an evil man like Vitus?</o>
GARDEVOIR: His name is Master Indriad, and you shall refer to him as such.
I don't have time for you, Anathea. Disappear!
GARDEVOIR: Come,\| the stage shall be set!
REINA: What are these things?! They look like Ralts and Kirlia, but...
GARDEVOIR: These beings reflect my past. Every emotion I've ever felt resides within each one.
HUEY: What a weird thing to say...
GARDEVOIR: \PN, my adversary, step forward.
REINA: \PN, don't do this...
GARDEVOIR: \PN, you weren't around when I declared this, but...
I swore upon my Master that I would get my revenge for what you've done at the Marble Mansion.
My unbridled hatred and rage for you will not cease until your blood has been spilled.
REINA: \PN... Let's just leave! I don't want to do this anymore!
GARDEVOIR: Escape?\| No,\| not again.
\ts[1]The fated moment has finally come. The final showdown between you and I, \PN.
By my Master's command, I shall destroy all that stands in our way.
\ts[1]One side shall not walk out of these chambers alive.
\ts[1] And it won't be me.
GARDEVOIR: I knew from the day we met that you would be a threat.
To think that you all would go so far to save that pathetic little abomination...
To sacrifice that poor officer's life for a girl that's destined to die.
I suppose in the end, it would be fruitless. Everyone on this planet shall one day perish.
By my Master's command, I shall destroy all that stands in our way
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] Grraahhh!
\ts[1] This... can't be possible \| I am pure! I hold Master's power!
REN: It's because you underestimated us.
REINA: R-Ren, you're okay!
REN: Yeah...
REN: Hey, \PN. Thanks for coming back.\| Sorry I was totally useless again.
And as for this one... You did quite a number on her, didn't you?
Looks like she's on her last legs.
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] R-Ren? How... I... I...
\ts[1]I haven't worked as hard as I did... Just to die here...
REN: I've about heard enough.\| Hey, \PN...\| How about we finally end this?
Gardevoir is finally weakened. We can't let this chance slip by.
HUEY: Ren's right! We gotta do this now!
REINA: And we'll do this together!
You may be able to pick us off one by one, but together we're strong!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] I still have some of Master Indriad's power left!
\ts[1]This fight isn't over,\| not by a long shot!
REN: That's too bad.\| Cuz this isn't a fight anymore...
\ts[1]\c[6]This is an execution!
Everyone,\| let's send this witch back to hell!
GARDEVOIR: I won't lose! By Master's will, I won't allow it! Lend me your strength!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] I can't... I can't go on like this.
REN: She's done for! I can take her down!
REINA: You have a laser cannon in your arm?!
REN: You can thank Nastasia later. For now, buy me some time!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] Perhaps I truly cannot win, but I can still escape to fight another day...!
HUEY: Flareon, Fire Spin!
HUEY: Nu-uhhh! No running away now!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] You...
REINA: Swoobat, Imprison!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] S-Stop this!
REN: Reina!
REINA: Got it!!
HUEY: I got your back, Ren!
REN: \PN!!!!
EVERYONE:\ts[2] Hyaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!!!
REN:\ts[1] It's over...
You've lost, Gardevoir. That's all there is to it.
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] I've... lost...\| Ahahahaha...
\ts[1]It's been so long since I've felt... defeated.
\ts[1]I've worked so hard to get where I am,\| and it all came crashing down within a single moment.
REN: Maybe if you put that effort into something good, this wouldn't have happened.
I don't know who this Vitus, or Indriad person is, but...
Just look at where you are now because of them.
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] ................
REN: We should head deeper into the ruins.
REINA: But Nymiera said to leave the rest to her.
We might just get in the way if we continue on.
HUEY: Reina's right. We don't wanna do anything dumb.
Plus, even though your body is mechanical, it looks really worn down.
Maybe we should just turn back and take a break.
REN: ...Maybe you're-
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] Master... \| Why did you abandon me?
REINA: We're seriously doing this bit again? Come on-
REN: Wait, Reina. Let her speak.
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] I did everything you asked. I spoke to all the boys and girls...
\ts[1] I made them laugh, didn't I? I made everyone laugh.
\ts[1] Why did you leave me all alone...?
HUEY: What's going on here?
<o=175>ANATHEA: Pitiful being... Gardevoir has refuged itself within a Rift.</o>
<o=175>But she can't hide while I'm here. I don't think she'll put up a fight.\| I don't think she can.</o>
<o=175>We shall enter nevertheless.</o>
RALTS: Mr. Luck... Why are you leaving me here...
MRLUCK: The people in the surroundin' areas just don't care about the circus no more.
The colonies around Miera have moved on, and so shall we.
That's just how things go in show biz, I guess.
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a wonderful owner.
RALTS: Please... take me with you...
MRLUCK: I'm sorry, but I can't. Things just can't work out the way you want them to.
Perhaps one day we'll meet again. Until that day,\| this is it.
RALTS: Why... I don't want to be alone.
???: Your worth... Do you not see it?
RALTS: Huh...? Who are you?
???: Tell me...
You were just left out here to fend for yourself?
RALTS: Y-Yes... I'm here alone.
???: And you see yourself as a worthless being?
Nonsense, I can see your potential.
RALTS: M-My potential?
???: Of course... After all, you have gained the ability to speak with the power of your mind.
Even for a Psychic Pokemon, that is rare.
RALTS: ...
???: I can give you worth. I can give you the power you need...
To break through that cage.
RALTS: You can...?
???: Come with me, and you'll never be alone ever again.
RALTS: I'll never be alone...
Please... Take me with you.
???: Hmph... In that case, the power is already yours. Feel it within you.
GARDEVOIR: Yes... That's right! My true Master... Has shown me my worth!
GARDEVOIR: Master Indriad was the only one who ever cared for me!
Thousands of years ago, when I thought I was nothing... He showed me that I was...
That I was worth something!!!
And now I must repay him for everything he's done.
Not long now, I shall perish and wither away into nothing.
But while I still breathe, I can give back to my Master one last time.
REN:\ts[1] That Rift is... huge.
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] Even if it takes whatever life I have left in the process...
I will summon a black hole and destroy everything in its wake!
REINA: G-Guys, we gotta go!
GARDEVOIR: Ahaha... This is the end. \PN... \|Ren...!
INDRIAD: Just die already, you insufferable creature.
And give me back what you took. Your worth has run out.
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] What is going on...? Why would you...
\ts[3]Master.....?
REN: Wh-What?!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] I've been abandoned once again...
\ts[1]Everything I've done... Was for my Master, and even he...\| didn't love me.
\ts[1]Even in the end, I amounted to nothing. I was a fool. Everyone... I'm sorry.
REN: I'm going to get you! \| Just hang on!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] Ren...? What are you doing? This is pointless...
\ts[1]Even if you manage to catch me, I... I won't last.
REN: I... I don't care, just hold on!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] .......
\ts[1]Ren...\| Thank you.
REN: What?? No!!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] My sins will not, and cannot be forgiven...
But I must ask, still, for my forgiveness. \PN...\| Ren,\| Anathea... Everyone...
HUEY: Um... What just happened?
Did Gardevoir just get abandoned by her trainer?
REN: ...
REN: This place is going down! We gotta get out of here!
REINA: Let's go!
REN: Y-You're tough.
GARDEVOIR: What's wrong?\| Faltering already?
REN: Shut your mouth!
GARDEVOIR: This is all you are? You have the gall to stand up to me?
REN: Urgh...
GARDEVOIR: Master Indriad blessed me with this power long ago... Allow me to demonstrate!
REN:\ts[1] Aggggghhhhh!
GARDEVOIR: When you look at me, your eyes are filled with confusion.
Do you want to know why I do what I do?
It's because Master Indriad has shown me this world's filth.
Humanity and Pokemon alike, both on this planet...
It was never meant to be. We were never meant to be created!
We're a putrid plague placed upon humanity that lives to destroy everything!
REN:\ts[1] Get off me.... \|GET OFF ME!
REN:\ts[1] Huff.... Huff...
GARDEVOIR: Somehow you've shown yourself to be even worse than I thought.
You are neither human or Pokemon. You're a coward that hides in an empty shell.
How could you do such a thing? You were once pure.
REN: Graaahhhhh!!
GARDEVOIR: Hmph.
I'm afraid this pointless skirmish is beginning to wear thin.
Then there's no use dragging this on. I'm willing to end this.
Goodbye, Ren.
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Angelus.
More info on Code: Angelus is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
\ts[1]This... can't be possible!\| I am pure! I hold Master's power!
GARDEVOIR:\ts[1] I did everything you asked. I spoke to all the children...
\ts[1]I made them laugh, didn't I? I made everyone laugh.
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
[Map553]
HUEY: Oh... Hey \PN. How's it goinnn'.
REINA: Great job, \PN! I knew you would win after seeing the way you battled that Gardevoir.
HUEY: ...
REINA: Don't mind Huey. He's just bummed out about losing so early.
HUEY: That guy Rigby pulled a dirty trick with Endeavor and Quick Attack!
I couldn't do anything against it. It's so frustrating...
Aw well, I knew I wasn't a great trainer to begin with.
REINA: Cheer up, you'll get another shot next year.
And this time... Rune will be there to watch you win.
HUEY: Y-You're right, Reina! Next year's gonna be my year!
REINA: Wait, gears are rolling... Circuits are being connected...
Ohhhmigosh, I just had the best idea.
HUEY: It involves me, doesn't it?
REINA: Mhm... Maybe you can have another shot this year.
Come with me!
HUEY: I'm... afraid.
???: Wait!
ADAM: You're that \PN person I met at Axis Uni, right??
Hell yeah! I knew it! I've heard about you!
You're the one climbing the ladder, yeah? Well guess what?
Adam Might is here to end that pretty little streak!
Yep, that's correct! I'm in the same bracket as you! I made it to the final round, too!
There's no way I'm gonna lose before getting to you.
Let's make this interesting shall we?
If you beat me, I'll give you my own badge. It isn't an official battle, but I make the rules!
And since I'm such a nice guy, I went ahead and hired someone to explain everything you need to know about me.
She should be in the left wing, so don't forget to talk to her!\| Ciao!
18 Badges... That's the grand prize... I have my eyes set on them.
Locked.
I'm going to win this competition!
CLERK: I'm sorry, but you haven't registered yourself.
Please register yourself at the front desk first.
AMBER: \PN!!!
AMBER: Nice battling out there. If anyone's gonna win this competition, it's gonna be you.
AMBER: Hey, uh... Listen, there's something I've been meaning to um.
Give you-- It's really important and I-
???: Amber, there you are!
TESLA: And \PN too? How lovely!
AMBER: Oh, what's up Mom?
TESLA: I was just taking a stroll through the shopping district!
I bought a lot of things for the resort. The guys there are going to be so happy!
And how have you been \PN? I hear that you're going on a battling rampage?
AMBER: Yeah. They've won every match so far. It's really fuckin' cool.
TESLA: Oh! \PN, before I forget, I made you a little something when I found out you were in the city.
I'm sure you'll recognize what it is!
TESLA: I figured you'd want something sweet again. Just like last time!
I apologize if that's not what you wanted!
TESLA: I figured you'd want something relaxing again. Just like last time!
TESLA: I figured you'd want something rejuvenating again. Just like last time!
TESLA: I figured you'd want something sour again. Just like last time!
AMBER: Okay, well I gotta get back to the stage.
TESLA: Good luck sweetie! I know you can do it!
AMBER: ...
I love you, Mommy!
TESLA: I love you too sweetie! Next time you don't have to be embarrassed!
Good luck with everything, \PN! I know you'll do it!
MELIA: This place is really, uh, expensive looking.
ERIN: This place used to be a dump. Then Saki Blakeory started to like battling, and her grandparents went nuts.
I wonder how it feels to be a spoiled princess with everything served to you on a platter?
MELIA: Saki's not that bad... When she acts normal.
ERIN: Yeah, when does that happen?
MELIA: Alright, fair.
Anyway, did you bring the stuff we're going to wear at the party?
ERIN: Yeah, got it. We'll head out as soon as we're done with this place.
???: Hey, Melia!
MELIA: Oh, Risa. You're here for the tournament too, yeah?
RISA: That's right, honey! I'm here to make my mark and send some peeps home cryin'.
When I'm battling, I'm just in my element, you know?
The first round already finished up the other day, so now the second round is about to begin!
MELIA: I wonder which bracket we're in, Erin?
RISA: I already checked. You both are in the second bracket with me!
\PN, Huey, and Kanon are in bracket 3, and Aelita is in bracket 5.
MELIA: The second one? I thought we were in bracket E?
RISA: That was the original order, but they got jumbled up due to some weird programming glitch, I dunno.
So now all the participants have been randomized. Total oops on their part.
Anyway, Melia, you should take a look at the listings. Just trust me on that one.
Gotta go now! My battle is going to begin soon so I gotta get ready! Ta-Ta~
MELIA: Uh... bye? You didn't even give me a chance to respond.
ERIN: Fake assholes like her are generally like that.
Their bourgeois style of life leaves little space for those outside their group.
MELIA: Everyone's got some way to live their life. That's just her way.
ERIN: I know. It just annoys me.
C'mon, let's go check out the listings.
CLERK: Welcome, how may I assist you today?
ERIN: We'd like to take a look at our placements and battle schedules.
CLERK: Certainly, here you are.
ERIN: Looks like our battles are up first. Great.
Wait a minute, look at your profile, Melia. You're up against Risa first.
MELIA: This is probably what Risa wanted me to see...
MELIA: Looks like depending on how things go, we'll be fighting each other again.
ERIN: Nah. That's not gonna happen.
MELIA: Huh? Why's that?
ERIN: Like I told you on the way here, I have no interest in battling.
I was signed up for this tournament without my consent and I'm pissed.
So I have a plan.
MELIA: This plan won't get you arrested, right?
ERIN: It shouldn't. If it does, I'll just have to break out of jail.
MELIA: Guess that means I'll have to help you with that?
ERIN: Perhaps, but you owe me one.
MELIA: Yeahhh,\| I guess I do.
CLERK: Excuse me, Miss Erin? Your battle is about to begin.
ERIN: Alright, thanks.
Wish me luck.
MELIA: Good luck!
MELIA: ...
ERIN: What?
MELIA: What was that??
ERIN: What? That was my plan.
I told you, I don't like to battle that much. So I've opted out without actually opting out.
MELIA: D-Don't you feel embarrassed?! That was so...
ERIN: Why would I? I'll never see these morons ever again.
MELIA: If you say so...
CLERK: Melia? You're up now.
MELIA: My turn now... Against Risa Raider.
ERIN: I know you actually care about this stuff, so, good luck.
MELIA: Thanks, Erin... I won't let our family name down.
ERIN: I sure did, but eh. You're a better representative.
Knock her teeth out.
I've come this far! No way am I going to lose!
CLERK: Hello, \PN. Are you ready to begin?
Sorry, you can't participate. You need six different Pokmon to enter.
They must be of a different species and hold different items.
Certain exotic species, as well as eggs, are ineligible.
CLERK: Great, choose three Pokemon you wish to use.
CLERK: Please come back later.
CLERK: Great! Let me heal your Pokemon before we continue.
CLERK: Good luck!
CLERK: Hello, \PN. Are you ready to begin the final round?
Also, things will be different this time around.
If you make it through the first two battles, you'll take a small break.
Then when both participants are ready, they shall engage in a 6v6 battle.
Good luck!
CLERK: Hello, \PN. Are you ready to begin the final battle?
Um... I'm really proud of you... I feel like these small moments we've spent were really special.
So, um, *blush*, good luck out there \PN.
CLERK: Let's heal you up.
CLERK: We hope you succeed in the future.
My boyfriend took me to a dark city, a creepy village, and an extremely loud party...
Now we've somehow made it to a tournament.
Can't we just go somewhere quiet?
I'm here to represent Yui's Ranch! I will succeed!
I've come all the way from Johto to compete in this competition!
REINA: \PN, something really bad just happened!
HUEY: We all heard it-- Bladestar's transmission. Nobody wants to confirm what actually happened. But all I know is that Grand Dream City is under complete lock-down right now.
No one can get in or out. SO.... We're kinda trapped here.
???: What's going on?!
AMBER: What the hell was that?! What was with that stupid recording? The earthquake?
REINA: Hun, we're just as lost as you! We've got nothin'.
AMBER: But you heard that woman, right? Flora? She was talking to Cassandra.
And then she said she would "incinerate in her flames" then boom.
Y-You don't think... You don't think something happened at the Grand Dream Ball?!
REINA: ...UH. Yikes. If that's the case then yeah it'd make sense for things to be shut down.
HUEY: If something happened at the ball, that would mean Rhodea would be...
HUEY: M-Melia and Erin were at the Ball too?! That means that they could've...
So many of our friends could've been there... We can't just stand around here and do nothing!
I say we sneak into the city and find our friends before it's too late!
REINA: That's the dumbest idea I've ever heard. Completely stupid and idiotic.
Who knows what else they got goin' down in that city? For all we know there could be another attack!
Alright, I'm convinced! Let's go!
HUEY: On second thought, I think maybe we should just stay here after all...
AMBER: M-My mom was supposed to go to that ball as well...
What if... What if she was caught in the explosion. What if...
AMBER: What if... What if she got caught in the blast?!
AMBER: Huh? What? My mom wasn't at the Ball? How could you know that?!
But you look serious... Maybe, I'll believe you just this one time...
Still, I need to go confirm for myself. If it's true, then... I don't know what I'll-
???: Ah, but you're needed here, aren't you? How will the tournament continue without our lovely hostess?
???: Now, now, let's settle down. There's no need to worry.
REINA: Um... Excuse me, but have we met before?
HUEY: Now that you point it out, she does look a little familiar...
AMBER: Are you guys stupid? That's Thomas Blakeory Sr.'s wife, Hazuki Blakeory.
REINA/HUEY: Hazuki Blakeory?!
HAZUKI: My, it seems like children today still know who I am.
Girl, your name is Amber Von Brandt, is it not?
AMBER: Y-Yeah, that's right.
HAZUKI: Which means you are Tesla Von Brandt's child. I see...
Then there is no need to worry. Tesla is safe. In fact, I just ran into her. The city is under lock-down by my husband's order, so she cannot leave,
but...
I can confirm her safety, as of this moment.
AMBER: I... Okay, I'll take that I guess. But what happened in the city?!
HAZUKI: I'm sorry, I cannot go into detail. As of right now, that's confidential.
Because of that, I've come down to the Stadium to see if there was any way to calm our guests.
And actually, that's where you come in, Amber.
Could I ask you to help me with this mission? If there's anyone who could cheer up a crowd, it's you.
AMBER: What a dumb question-- Of course! Cheering up crowds is kinda my job, lady!
If that's what you need, then I can do it no problem! Just watch and see!
All you nerds need to do is sit back and watch the magic happen, capiche?
Oh, and uh, \PN, I tried giving this to you a couple of times now, but every time I try,
HAZUKI: Amber, you must make haste. We wouldn't want panic to overwhelm our guests, yes?
AMBER: Yeah, sure... Whatever, but next time... \PN. Urgh...
HUEY: Bye Amber!
HAZUKI: As for the three of you, I've arranged something for you all to do.
Why don't you all head on out? You'll understand then.
REINA: I don't really have a problem with that, but um, may I ask you a question?
HAZUKI: I'm very sorry, there's no time for questions. I must see to it that the guests are happy.
REINA: O-Okay!
Thanks old lady Haduken, we'll be on our way.
HAZUKI: It's...\| Hazuki.\| Sigh.
HAZUKI: ...
I haven't forgotten about you, my old friend. We shall speak again when the time is right.
Until then, please do be safe.
I will represent Kakori! Fear the power of a Pokemon Ranger!
I've been taking my girlfriend all around the world! She's been having a great time!
JOY: Hello, and welcome to the Grand Dream Stadium Pokemon Center!
We restore your exhausted and worn out Pokemon to full health.
Would you like to rest your Pokemon?
JOY: All right, I'll take your Pokemon for a few seconds.
JOY: Oh, I see...Your Pokemon may be infected by a virus called PokeRus.
Not much is known about the virus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokemon.
While infected, Pokmon are said to grow exceptionally well.
JOY: Thank you for waiting, \PN!
We've successfully restored your Pokemon to full health.
We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: We hope to see you again, \PN!
JOY: Oh dear... Things certainly have become quite rough, haven't they?
JOY: Your Pokemon have been healed to perfect health.
We hope that you succeed with your endeavors!
YOU! I believe you will be my opponent! Just wait, I won't lose!
ALEX: It's good to see you again, \PN! We've signed up for the tournament too!
Don't be surprised if you run into us at some point!
CLERK: Hello, how may I assist you today?
CLERK: Yes, of course. May I see your Trainer ID?
... ... ... ... ... ...
Oh my, you're quite late, \PN. Two rounds of your bracket have already gone through.
Luckily for you, your battle is up next. Very lucky, you are.
Okay, \PN! You are all registered. Please make your way to the arena.
CLERK: There are 200 trainers split between 5 brackets.
Each bracket contains 40 trainers within them.
Each bracket will go through five rounds of battling until there are only two left.
Those two shall battle and the victorious trainer will proceed to the next final round.
The final round will not take place until all brackets have been completed.
The final round will consist of 30 challengers. The 5 finalists of this year's tourney...
And the invited finalists of previous years.
All 30 will fight in a battle royale type arena until there is only one trainer left.
The last trainer shall be named the Champion of the Grand Dream Tournament and receive the grand prize.
CLERK: You're already registered, \PN. Please make your way to the arena.
The final round will consist of 30 challengers. The current 5 finalists of this year's tourney...
And invited finalists of previous years.
We're here to represent Teila Resort! We won't let Tesla down!
Sorry, but this part of the building is not open to the public.
Zz.z..z.z..z.z....
HUEY: I've never really battled seriously, so I'm excited!
Reina said she'll be in the audience! Hope she doesn't laugh at me!
SAM: \PN! Do you remember us? It feels like it's been ages since we've last seen each other!
We're here in Crawli's stead... He was too depressed to represent Kakori himself.
Crawli lost his position as a member of the international police.
Apparently he held vital information about Valor Mountain or something?
Yeah, well, whatever it was... It really knocked his self esteem down quite a bit.
Crawli's too busy with work to make his way to the tournament, so we're here to represent Kakori instead!
CLERK: Good luck with your matches! Or lose. I don't care.
MANAGER: Hello, you are \PN, correct? Welcome, I am Adam Might's manager.
I have info about Adam that may be useful to you. Are you interested?
MANAGER: Adam's ace is Aerodactyl. Mega Aerodactyl. A strong and fearsome creature.
Adam Might's signature move is Matrix Shot.
This move is an 80 BP physical move that hits Special Defense instead of Defense.
In a way, it's similar to Psyshock. If you've every come across that move.
MANAGER: I'm afraid that since the fields are "randomized", I won't be able to offer much help here.
MANAGER: Adam's Pokemon are quite slow. Except for Aerodactyl, of course.
There's not much to be said. He uses Rock-Types. That's basic enough for you, correct?
His field could be anything, so I don't want to be counter productive with advice...
So.
Break a leg~!
Our master combination will destroy any opponent!
I'm going to win and get myself those 18 badges!
Then I'll make my way to the Elite 8 and defeat them all!
CLERK: Good luck with your matches!
ERIN: It's about time you show up. Where have you been?
You're just in time to see Melia finish her battle, and uh...
ERIN: Huh. Yikes. She actually lost her first battle?
So much for the family reputation...
Huh? Oh, um, just ignore that statement.
MELIA: \PN... I'm...
ERIN: She's taking the loss hard, but it is what it is.
We went through some... interesting developments back at the library.
It resulted in Melia and I getting tickets to the Grand Dream Ball.
Sooo we're going to ditch you for a while and see what that's all about.
Good luck with your matches. Hopefully you don't lose immediately either.
I won't lose to you!
Yes
No
Reassure Amber
Leave her be
Register
Explanation
Adam's ace | Sig Move
???
Suggestions
None
[Map554]
Stop shoving me!
I'm trying to watch! Please stop pushing me!
I can't see! I can't see!
AMBER: Now for the first battle of the 3rd round in the second bracket!
AMBER: Let's take a quick look at our board!
These are the current standings of the second bracket!
Let's bring them together and get started!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer all the way from Route 2! Mordecai!
MORDECAI: I'm doing this for muh family. I'll fish up a win!
AMBER: And on the left, we have a trainer from East Gearen City, \PN!
AMBER: Okay, now that we got that outta the way, let's see what field you two will have to fight on!
AMBER: Now get ready, get set! Battle!
I fished up a loss...
AMBER: That's a win for \PN!
MORDECAI: I lost... My family will die for sure.
AMBER: You lost! Bye, bitch!
AMBER: Now for the second battle of Round 3!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer all the way from Olivine City, Johto! Rigby!
RIGBY: Jasmine said she'd give me a kiss if I won this battle!
For some reason she walked away laughing when she said that...
What about my kiss?!
AMBER: That's another win for \PN!
RIGBY: Jasmine, nooooOOOOOOooo!
AMBER: You lost! Buh bye!
AMBER: Now for the final battle of Round 3 of the second bracket!
AMBER: Let's take a final look at the board!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer from Akuwa Town, Aevium! Alexa!
ALEXA: Alexa came from Akuwa Town! She was on vacation for a while!
Alexa is surprised!
AMBER: That's yet another win for \PN!
ALEXA: This is so sad... Alexa, go back home and cry forever.
AMBER: Cry me a river while you're at it. Bye!!!
And that's all for the third round! Congratulations and thank you to all the participants!
We hope you join us again for the fourth round! Thank you!
\ts[1]Grand District Building: Grand Ballroom.
AMBER: Now for the first battle of the 4th round in the second bracket!
AMBER: As usual, let's take a look at the board and see our current standings!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer all the way from Veilstone City, Sinnoh! Simon!
SIMON: I've trained under Maylene all my life! I won't disappoint her!
No... Maylene, forgive me!
AMBER: That's a win for \PN! Is it even surprising anymore?
SIMON: I will come back one day... stronger.
AMBER: You're boring us! Just walk off the stage already!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer all the way from Yui's Ranch, Aevium! Cyan!
CYAN: I'll show everyone how strong Pokemon Breeders can actually be!
CAN'T MILK THOSE!
AMBER: Anotha won! \PN is on fire!!
CYAN: I've forsaken my entire clan. I shall go to the mountains, never to be seen again.
AMBER: Bring me back a souvenir!
AMBER: Now for the final battle of Round 4 of the second bracket!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer from the Dream District, Kanon!
REINA: Pffftt...
KANON?: Haha yeah! I'm Kanon! All the way from the Dream District!
Woo! Hey everyone! Haha yeah!
REINA: Do the spin! Do the spin!
AMBER: Are you done?
KANON?: Yep! I am Kanon, who is also done!
AMBER: Great! Weirdo.
And on the left, we have a trainer from East Gearen City, \PN!
Damnit! I lost again! I-I mean, this was my first time losing!
KANON?: Hehe... DAMNIT. DAMNIT. Okay bye! Thanks!
AMBER: WEIRD\|O...
And that's all for the fourth round! Congratulations and thank you to all the participants!
We hope you join us again for the fifth round! Thank you!
AMBER: Ladies and Gentlemen, it's already here! The end of the second bracket!
AMBER: Let's take a look at the standings for the final time!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer from Kristiline Town, Aevium! Regalia!
REGALIA: After Angie attacked my town, I vowed to never let something like that happen again.
Angie! I will kill you!
AMBER: Again! They win again! \PN is undefeated!
REGALIA: Angie...
AMBER: Same.\| Okay you can leave now.
AMBER: Now for the second battle of the 5th round in the second bracket!
AMBER: On the right, we have a trainer from Kakori Village, Aevium! Salazar!
SALAZAR: Crawli said I'll become a Head Ranger if I win! So I'll win!
MY BRAND. MY BRAND...
SALAZAR: N-NOO!!!
AMBER: Alright, alright, alright. Enough. Stop crying.
AMBER: And now, for the final battle! We shall take a small break to prepare our two finalists!
Check back in soon and we'll begin the final-final round!
THE Adam Might lost? How is that possible?!
AMBER: And that's it!!! \PN is the champion of the second bracket!
ADAM: No... My precious Pokemon... Couldn't win???
Man... This sucks! I wanna redo!
AMBER: No redos! This is how things are!
ADAM: ...Fine. You're right. I lost and you won.
As promised, here's my badge. Officially known as the Rugged Badge...
\PN received the Rugged Badge!
ADAM: With that badge, you'll be able to use Dive outside of battle.
I guess you can have this as well.
AMBER: Alright, you two can walk off stage-
AMBER: What the?! What's going on? Turn the lights back on!
*This is a Bladestar transmission.*
AMBER: Bladestar transmission?!
???: For too long the people of Grand Dream City have lived under the tyranny of an oppressive government.
Those who do well in society, are thrown into a never ending workforce until death.
Those who do not live up to the standards of a corrupted system are rejected.
And those who have no place in society, are exiled.
Everyone falls within this inescapable pyramid scheme.
Thus, a force who refused to be controlled emerged from the soil.
And bloomed into a terrifying force of retaliation.
A necessary retaliation hell-bent on taking out the corruption that's nestled itself in.
And that person... That figurehead... was arrested.
By no one else but her own blood.
But I shed no tears for him. He belonged where he was.
Even in the midst of his execution. Not a single tear.
He knew what the price was when he betrayed me.
His life will serve as an example of what would happen to anyone who crossed me.
And that person would be me. The head of Bladestar!
We are making ourselves heard from now on! We shall not hide within the shadows!
I, Flora Grivellea will bring down the greatest evil to befall Grand Dream City!
AMBER: This is it everyone! This is the final battle!
The final battle between our two finalists!
AMBER: On the right, we have the almighty Adam Might from the Badlands!
ADAM: Watch and learn! I'll make quick work outta this pipsqueak!
AMBER: And on the left, we have the amazing Pokemon Trainer, \PN!
Those who do well in society, are thrown death.
AMBER: Welcome people of Grand Dream City! Welcome to the Grand Dream Stadium!
It is my honor to be on this stage, commentating for each and every one of you!
It's a shame that all the government and rich people of Grand Dream City ditched us for a stupid party!
Yeah, a reaaal shame.
Yeah, whatever. Who cares about those losers, right?
Let's move on! On the right side, we got a trainer all the way from East Gearen City!
MALTHUS: I've come all the way from East Gearen City to show my strength!
AMBER: Alright, that's what I like to hear!
And on the left, we got a... girl from Route 9? I think?
ERIN: Hmph.
ERIN: ...
ERIN: Hold up.
AMBER: What's wrong?
ERIN: Oh no, what a shame...
Looks like I forgot my Pokemon. Oh no, oh heartbreak...
What will I, oh what will I ever do?
I can't take this embarrassment. Oh no. Please give me another chance.
Oh what's that? I'm disqualified? Oh no. Oh dear, oh bother.
Goodbye everyone. Sorry for wasting your time.
Guess I'll leave now.
AMBER: What...?
AMBER: After that weird ass... uh, whatever that was...
We'll be continuing the second bracket! Who else is gonna have their dreams crushed?
On the right side, we have a trainer from East Gearen once again! Melia!
MELIA: I'm here for glory! I won't lose!
AMBER: Yeah, yeah... And I'm here for a paycheck.
And on the left, we have someone who is somehow more famous than me...
Risa Raider!
RISA: And the star appears!
RISA: Thanks to all of my fans that have come to support me!
I'll make sure that I don't let any of you down!
RISA: No field will be necessary.
AMBER: What? It's mandatory for a field to be used, missy.
RISA: What's the big deal? It'll be more interesting if we just fought on equal terms not based on RNG, right?
AMBER: ...I mean, if it's okay with Melia, then whatever.
MELIA: That's kind of weird, but I guess it's no problem with me.
RISA: Heheh...\| Good.
Show me what you got, Melia, and don't hold back!
Because if you do... You won't stand a chance.
MELIA: I... I lost...?
AMBER: Um... That's a yikes...
In a complete 3-0 sweep, Risa Raider reigns victorious!
RISA: Oh yeah! I did it! That's what happens when you put in your all!
It was a great battle, but I'll be taking the crown this time.
Thanks again to my lovely fans who put their complete trust into me!
It's because of you all that I've come this far! Buh-bye now! Until next time!
[Map555]
This station is currently unavailable.
HUEY: R-Rhodea!
HUEY: Y-You're okay... I was worried something happened to you!
RHODEA: Thanks for worrying about me, Huey. I'll be just fine, although...
It's not me who's in danger right now. It's...\| It's...
REN: Things are looking real bad.
REINA: R-Ren?!
REN: Reina!
Thank goodness you're okay! I had a feeling you'd be here since, well...
But I couldn't help but worry anyway.
REINA: Your sister's tough. You don't have to worry about me.
REN: Y-Yeah, you're right. I'll remember that from now on.
It's good to see you two as well, \PN and Huey.
HUEY: Heh... It's only been a short time, but I'm glad to see you again too!
But, um, I don't mean to be annoying, but will someone please just tell us what's going on?
REN: ...
Bladestar staged an attack at the Grand Dream City Ballroom.
They planted bombs at the bottom base of the building and detonated it while everyone was on the top floor.
The tall building that once stood there is no more.
REINA: So we were right then... That quake was the bomb going off.
HUEY: \PN said that Melia and Erin were attending that Ball! Is that true?
RHODEA: Yes, but those two weren't the only ones. Alice and Allen attended as well.
It's been confirmed that Melia, Alice, and Allen are all alive.
As for Erin...\| There's no sign of her.
HUEY: N-No... Not Erin...
REINA: ...What about the other three? How are they doing?
REN: The other three survived the blast, but only barely, and time is ticking...
As of this moment they're being contained in stasis capsules that will sustain them for a short period of time.
But when that short period runs out, they will succumb to their wounds and die.
HUEY: What can we do?! I want to help them!
REN: You're a good soul, Huey. I'm glad you're here.
We can help them-- There's only one way to help them.
And it requires the cooperation of all four of you.
HUEY: Four of us?
RHODEA: I'm helping too. Ren's the one who brought me here in the first place.
REINA: Um, I don't wanna be that guy, but Rhodea, do you know that, um...
RHODEA: That Ren is part of Team Xen? Yeah, he filled me in on that part.
Let's not get it twisted. It's not that I trust them, or that I'm setting aside their past transgressions.
But as of this moment I'm willing to cooperate. You'll understand once we get inside the ship.
REN: That being said, we need to get going. Let's move it.
HUEY: Hrughghh... Things are happening way too fast...
What could we possibly do to help out Melia, Alice, and Allen?
REINA: They said we'd know when we boarded, so let's just do what they say.
We should trust in Ren. He wouldn't do anything that would put us in any danger.
HUEY: Y-Yeah, you're right! Thanks for picking up my spirits, Reina.
REINA: That'll be 25 bucks, but you can pay me back with dinner later.
HUEY: You got a deal!
STAFF: Sorry, but due to the events at the Grand Dream Ball, we're temporarily closed.
We will resume the tournament at a different time, thank you.
STAFF: Are you part of the tournament? We're happy to say that the tournament is still on-going!
We will have our final round on December 27th!
We hope to see you there!
ABSOL: Soool!
GUARD: This Gate is closed until further notice. Sorry for any inconvenience.
BRING DOWN CASSANDRA. SHE'S JUST A BITCH!!!!
CASSANDRA DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE OF GRAND DREAM CITY!
DOWN WITH GRAND DREAM CITY'S TYRANTS!
Grand Dream Station
Route 9
None
[Map556]
MELIA: I should go with Erin. I don't want to waste time.
ERIN: I believe this is the place. I haven't been here before so I'm unsure.
This building is usually only for wealthy government people.
MELIA: Is it really okay for us to be here then?
I know we have tickets and all, but these had to have come from somewhere, right?
ERIN: Perhaps, but that isn't important. These tickets aren't marked or numbered.
Which means they aren't registered. They can't prove that we're not aristocrats from the Scholar District.
MELIA: I suppose that's true. These outfits you whipped out really sell the look!
ERIN: Thanks, I designed them myself.
But don't forget why we're here.
MELIA: We're here to figure out the truth. It's supposed to be somewhere here, right?
ERIN: Correct. I don't want to stay here long so let's find this and dip.
ERIN: Did she seriously have to lose her ticket?
How could you lose something important like that...
???: C'mon, hurry up! And don't be seen!
ERIN: ...
ERIN: Flora sent some of her Bladestar Grunts here?
She must be planning something. Something too important to tell \PN or I, that's for sure.
ERIN: Those were Bladestar Grunts...
Bladestar Grunts being here isn't good. Something must be up.
[Map557]
\PN turned the key and opened the gate.
It's a locked gate.
It won't respond.
Activate the crystal?
\PN activated the crystal!
You left the crystal alone.
NARCY: This mansion... It feels familiar to me somehow.
Maybe I've seen an illustration in a book somewhere? I wouldn't be surprised~.
ROTOM: Raoo!!
NARCY: That sounded like a Rotom! I think it came from behind this door.
Ah, but it's locked... It looks pretty sturdy too.
If only we had the key to this door.
This gate is locked.
NARCY: We traveled through time, didn't we?
The feeling was all too familiar. It makes me feel so sick...
This must be the place where older me crawled out of.
Question is, why would Dufaux drop Narcissa here?
And where did that Rotom head off to?
...Finally, is it even possible to continue any further?
Looks like we're completely boxed in...\| What a bother...
But I'm sure there's something we can make use of in here somewhere.
Let's take a look around.
NARCY: Let's take a look around and see if we can find some way out of here.
NARCY: That safe is making me uncomfortable, and I don't know why...
I don't want to look at it anymore.
NARCY: Huh...? \PN how did you get... Ah, well, it doesn't matter.
This mansion... I feel like I've seen it before. Perhaps in a book or something?
Whatever it is, it's very familiar.
NARCY: This door is closed too... Can you unlock this one with the same key?
Hm... Actually, it looks like this one doesn't even have a keyhole on it.
It's just... locked.
I finally thought we had that demon cornered.
It doesn't matter. We won't give up. Let's see what else we can find in this place.
NARCY: Huh... I don't think I noticed that box before.
Maybe there's something to open that door in that box!
NARCY: Hm... Nothing to open a door, but this thing looks interesting.
NARCY: Let's see... Name, Altair, Celesia-
\ts[1]A...Al...Altair.... C...ele...
\ts[1]Altair... Celesia....
Urgh...
???: Is this truly what you want?
NARCY: Yes... This is truly what I want.
???: Please know that my procedure is permanent.
No amount of therapy will restore what you've lost.
That is, if you follow my instructions very clearly.
NARCY: I... I understand.
???: Good. Then let me begin-
NARCY: Hngh... What...? Where am I? Who's there?
It's a safe.
NARCY: That safe... Is there a keypad on it or something?
Huh, looks like there is...
Not sure why, but something about this safe looks familiar to me.
I... I don't want to look at it anymore. Let's just look at other things.
There's a lever hidden behind this pile of boxes!
Pull the lever?
NARCY: Ah... Great job, \PN. I need to get out of here.
NARCY: If only we had the key to this door. We could finally catch that Rotom!
NARCY: Oh! You got the key? That's excellent!
We'll finally catch that Rotom and get somewhere in this search.
Yes
No
[Map558]
There's a series of texts here. One title reads "The Core: Project Interceptor".
Read?
"Long have humanity fought the ties of destiny itself.
Some don't even believe in its existence, but everything happens for a reason.
Is this the act of God? Perhaps the act of the universe itself?
The world is similar to that of programming. It's commanded to follow a set of commands and instructions.
But what if we were able to intercept these commands? Rewrite what was already written?
What if someone not from this world would appear?
What set of instructions would the system give to deal with such a predicament?
Is it capable of dealing with such an extraneous variable?
That's why we've created\c[6] The Core."
A series of pillars and conduits that rest beneath the Earth's surface.
When The Core senses a presence outside this world's, the pillars will unearth themselves.
This will-"
The rest of the text appears to be missing...
There's a series of texts here. One title reads "Interceptor's Limits".
"Although the Interceptor acts as an exception to the Core's design, it is not omnipotent.
They can only travel through the universe where the Core exists.
If the Interceptor were to stray too far from the planet, they would lose consciousness.
Therefore they are not fit to undergo the project based at Eclysia Pyramid.
If the Interceptor were to perish, the Core would take damage.
In the event that the Core is too heavily damaged, the Interceptor shall cease to exist.
Please note to any Interceptor subjects: You do not live outside the realm of mortality.
\c[6]Fail too many times, and that will be the end."
There's a series of texts here. One title reads "The Archetype's Influence".
"Today the Archetype was brought into the lab.
While it's still in its prototype stage, we're confident that this will be enough to succeed.
Brave volunteers have stepped forward to be put under its influence.
Many of the volunteers who interacted with the Archetype soon fell to their demise, regrettably.
However, those who didn't showed interesting side effects.
The Archetype has a weird characteristic that can only be described as "possession".
While under its influence, subjects had their physical appearance undergo certain changes.
Some of the subjects reported that their eyes, hair, and sometimes even skin turned to a certain shade of gold.
We've tested the removal of the Archetype's influence as well. Results were overall positive, but inconsistent.
Some had their original physical appearance restored, whereas some kept the alterations.
We don't know why the human body reacts this way, but it's something we're determined on figuring out."
There's a series of texts here. One title reads "Legendary Bond".
"Human immortality is something we've discussed and even attempted at many times before.
Why do creatures known as "Pokemon" live far longer lives than humans?
It seems, as previously theorized, that Pokemon and humans share a common ancestor.
Using the Archetype's power, we were able to unleash the hidden potential of certain subjects.
We are able to awaken a gene inside of a human that brings forth their primitive instincts and form.
The result of this, subjects have turned into Pokemon themselves!
And not regular beings either. Beings that have dominance over time, space, and anti-matter.
No further testing has been done at this time."
Yes
No
[Map559]
APRIL: These two Pokemon are Solrock and Lunatone.
These Pokemon occasionally appear throughout Garufan texts and illustrations.
Why do these two Pokemon appear in Garufan documents? Could it be their astral nature?
One day I'll understand everything there is to know about this world.
SOLROCK: Sol!
LUNATONE: Lunna!!
APRIL: Ah, please forgive us. Were we interrupting something?
APRIL: Hm...? It seems they're interested in you for some reason.
Their stares are unwavering and determined.
APRIL: Oh, I think I understand the situation, \PN! Perhaps they wish to use the Phase Dial?
Here, I'll give it to them for you.
APRIL: Please, take this.
SOLROCK: Sol...!
APRIL: Th-They're dancing? How strange.
Aw... They look so happy! Like a child finding their lost toy.
This phenomenon is absolutely fascinating!
SOLROCK: Sol~
APRIL: \PN, care for a dance?
APRIL: Heheh! Dancing is quite fun, isn't it?
When you dance with someone else, you feel their emotions rushing through!
As if two beings have finally become one with each other!
APRIL: Oh... Are we done dancing now?
The Phase Dial is reacting!
APRIL: Solrock and Lunatone... fused? ...Of course...!
\PN, suddenly they don't look so friendly... Watch out!
Sol...
SOLROCK: Sol...
LUNATONE: Luna...
APRIL: No... That kind of magic wasn't natural. The Phase Dial must be infused with ancient Garufan magic.
Suddenly I no longer have any interest in this thing. Keep it.
I was looking for the Phase Dial so that I could give it to... my sister.
Oh, please, don't be confused by my terminology...
This person I talk about isn't my biological sister. "Sister" and "brother" are words of endearment in my tribe.
We were originally... travelling together, but we voluntarily split apart.
She needed to get stronger on her own. We both knew I couldn't protect her forever.
At the time she didn't have a name, but it's possible that's no longer the case.
I wonder what she's doing right now, my sister?
She always had this chaotic energy about her. I hope she hasn't done anything stupid.
...I just hope she hasn't gotten herself into any trouble. That would be... bad.
Well, this is farewell for now, \PN. I'm sure we'll meet again.
[Map560]
There's a hook placed on the wall. It looks like it's meant to hang something.
Hang the family portrait?
\PN hung the portrait on the wall.
It sounds like something opened up!
MYRA: Now what was all that now? Why'd the whole house shake?
I allowed you in my house, but I won't allow you to go around breaking things!
I paid nothing for this house, and that's expensive on its own!
MYRA: That's a strange portrait. I hope you don't think you're allowed to literally make yourself at home?
That me casa, su casa phrase or whatever was just politeness.
Anyway, as long as you understand that then we're clear. Carry on.
???: By the way, the name's Myra. I'm from Sashila Village, if you couldn't tell.
MYRA: But those fools at the village are not really my type.
Nice people and all, but I've always preferred being alone down here.
Plus, I have Meowsa here to keep me company.
MEOWSA: Meeow!
MYRA: You hear that? That's quality conversation right there.
Anyway, I usually don't like company, but you're pretty quiet so I like you.
Sometimes people just chat, chat, chat away and never stop.
Don't be a stranger.
MYRA: Hm? You wanna talk?
MYRA: My name's Myra, I'm 65 years old and I'm not getting any younger.
I hope that answers your question.
MYRA: I'm here because I wanna be. Nothing less, nothing more.
Not everything is so deep, you know? I just like my space.
MYRA: You're wondering if I know anything about this house, right?
I don't really know too much about it. Except for that it was here before the calamity.
Villagers from Sashila Village took all of the valuable things from inside the house so there's not much to look at.
But hey, it's an empty house, but it's an empty house with a view.
MYRA: Alright.
MYRA: So that portrait you hung up caused the shutters on that staircase to open up?
That's exciting, I guess. That means I get a whole 'nother room to explore.
I'd imagine since it was closed, the raiders didn't get their grubby little hands on whatever's down there.
But I suppose that's why you're here, hm? Go ahead, take what you want.
I won't stop you.
MEOWSA: Meeoww!
???: Who's that?! Who just walked into my home?!
???: Now there's something you don't see everyday.
And here I thought you were another annoying person from Sashila Village.
You're clearly not from the village, and as long as you're not here to hurt me...
Me casa, es su casa. I'll be upstairs in my room.
Yes
No
Who are you?
Why are you here?
This house?
No thanks.
More
Family Portrait
[Map561]
It seems to be a container used to fill with special lure.
[Map562]
SCYTHER: Scytha!
I heard rare Pokemon can be found here in the Safari Zone!
I won't leave until I find all of them for myself!
I seem to have gotten myself lost in the labyrinth...
Now what am I supposed to do?
Vileplume is resting underneath the ground...
Do you want to sprinkle the powder on the Vileplume?
You sprinkled the powder on Vileplume...
VILEPLUME: Vi! Vi!!!
The wild Vileplume attacked!
The Vileplume went back to sleep.
The Vileplume disappeared!
You left the Vileplume alone.
Yes
No
[Map563]
You purified the cave! I don't know how long it will keep this form, though...
And now that the water is back, the exit at the end of the cave is submerged with water.
The cave echoes dully...
[Map564]
It seems to be a container used to fill with special lure.
[Map565]
WIMPOD: W-Wimpo??!
It seems to be a container used to fill with special lure.
I thought I was going the right way...
It seems as though you could climb these rocks...
Do you want to use Rock Climb?
\PN used Rock Climb!
Do you want to use the Golden Claws?
\PN used the Golden Claws!
It's no use, the rocks are too steep!
Yes
No
[Map566]
It seems to be a container used to fill with special lure.
[Map567]
It seems to be a container used to fill with special lure.
[Map568]
<- Park and School.
MOSELY: I can't be sad anymore! Maman wouldn't want that!
Next time you see me, I'm gonna be a new gal! I promise!
MITSUDO: Welcome! This is Maman's Camp!
Children's Cabin ->
DYLAN: I see spirits... I see Maman looking over me...
"Maman's House."
TEDDIE: I'm going to become big and strong for Maman!
A few days later...
MOSELY: Thank you for everything, Maman. You're gone, but not forgotten.
I'll be better for you. You're the only one who believed in me.
And I really mean that. You believed in ME. Not the me everyone wanted me to be.
For that, I want you to know that... I just... I just can't thank you enough.
\PN, I'm so sorry for cryin' in front of you. That's totally lame and uncool.
But please let me cry and be uncool this once...
MOSELY: I'm gonna grow up and be a wonderful woman like Maman.
Thanks for helping me... uh... break into the hospital.
I don't care what that doctor said. He said that was the last vial, but...
I know Isha... Even when I was 5 I could tell that asshole was shady!
I know... I just know he had more, but I didn't want to take the chance.
For once I couldn't just... Do whatever I wanted. Things were too important.
I wanna give you something, that um... I really appreciate you as a friend, so...
Please, just take it!
MOSELY: This was a Starly I was raising, but I want you to have it.
\PN... I'm really glad I met you. Thanks for being a friend.
I gotta get this place together, but maybe we'll see each other again?
I won't be a burden, I promise.
ANDREW: Buy my stuff! Maman said I should become a business man!
"Rest in peace, Maman. We love you!"
CYBUR: Maman's gone, but we won't forget her! Never, never!
MATTHEW: While I was coming here I found some cool stones. Want some?
Locked, but there's a sign on the door! It's from Mosely.
"I'm gonna make a lab for all of ya'll to learn shit. If you don't attend you're gonna get no dinner!
Just kidding, you gotta eat, but I'll be disappointed. Please join."
JESSIBELLE: I'm going to become a good person. Maman would've been happy!
[Map569]
Only those who have truly proven themselves to Kakori Village may enter the garden!
Try doing some good deeds for the village and then come back.
I hear the Help Plaza is a great place to build up a reputation!
It seems to be a container used to fill with special lure.
[Map570]
NARCISSA: I thought this place was the same, but there is indeed something different after all.
My stuff is gone... But I suppose the older me did it.
And in turn, there's nothing to be done here.
\PN, before the Calamity... I can't remember any of it.
That's a common trait people had back then. A result of trauma, perhaps?
That being said, mine felt different than the others.
A lot of people who do eventually remember do so without... complications.
Me, however... I suffer from headaches whenever I try to dabble in that sort of thing.
I've seen doctors and specialists about this condition, but no one can diagnose me with anything.
So why me? Why am I the only one experiencing this...
How...\| troublesome.
\PN do forgive me, but I wish to stay here in the meantime.
But I have a request. Please find my older self. Wherever she may be.
Perhaps... She's already remembered everything.
If you happen to come across her, please make your way back here.
NARCISSA: I never would imagine that it would be difficult to find words to say to myself.
How do you introduce yourself to...well, yourself?
NARCISSA2: It is a challenge, however you may find it easy to find conversation with someone who is exactly like you.
NARCISSA1: I have so many questions to ask you.
NARCISSA2: You're going to ask me if I remembered our childhood.
If that's truly what you wish to know, I'm sorry to disappoint you...
NARCISSA1: Do you still try to remember? Do you get headaches still?
NARCISSA2: I don't get anything. There's nothing within my memory banks.
NARCISSA1: I... I see. In that case, I guess it's better if I just don't even try.
NARCISSA2: Listen, Narci, er... may I call you Narcy?
NARCY: Narcy? That is fine, but...
NARCISSA: It's not worth thinking about. A little troublemaker named me that a while ago.
In fact, \PN was there when she did.
Now, Narcy, the one who put us in this situation is a being known as Dufaux.
I fought him when we were younger. Precisely when I was your age.
I defeated him, but not at the cost of our Chandelure.
NARCY: M-My Chandelure? I couldn't even fathom...
NARCISSA: It was the reality. No, it IS the reality.
I don't know what happened during his imprisonment, but he seems far stronger.
If we have any chance at defeating him, it may take all three of us.
NARCY: I understand. In that case we should-
???: Ah! A reunion for the ages! It warms my dear 'ol heart, yes it does!
DUFAUX: How are my lovely little ones doing on this fine day?
NARCISSA: It's him!
NARCISSA: I suppose you're done with the formalities?!
Good, we shall settle this immediately.
DUFAUX: You're not having fun? You can leave if you're not having any fun!
NARCY: This isn't a game, you monster. Return me back to my time at once!
DUFAUX: ...
I'm afraid I cannot do that. At least not yet.
There's still much more for me to accomplish. Far much more!
But we cannot fight just yet.
NARCISSA: Then why are you here? Are you that eager to die?
DUFAUX: I am now at full power! However, you two must learn a harsh truth.
Our battle will take place any time after this encounter.
However, there is one condition that must be met!
You must find me.
NARCISSA: That's... That's it?
DUFAUX: Those are my terms, yes.
NARCY: But... You're here right now. Let's settle this now!
DUFAUX: Location is important! You impatient punks need to learn to fight better with style!
But I've had enough of this boring conversation! I shall depart for the final destination.
I shall see all of you there. \PN, you're included in that!!
Toodaloo!
NARCY: Such a strange being... His erratic nature is very... disturbing.
NARCISSA: It's because of this erratic behavior that we must find and eliminate him quickly.
NARCY: But do we even have any idea where he is?
NARCISSA: Hm... I don't know. He wouldn't attack the Power Plant twice.
He just wanted the energy there for himself, which is already in his possession.
NARCY: Perhaps we should go back to your place and put together a strategy?
NARCISSA: I suppose so... Would you two mind going back yourselves?
I'd like to stay down here and think for a little while.
NARCY: Of course. \PN let us head back.
NARCISSA: ...What am I going to do now? I can't fight that thing without Chandelure.
If I can't-
NARCISSA: ...?!
NARCISSA: This is the place! This is exactly it!
It was dark... and cold... It feels like nothing's changed since that day.
It's further up here now.
NARCISSA: Please find my older self. I believe she has the missing piece to this puzzle.
Together, we could find a way to send me back home, I'm sure of it.
[Map571]
My cousin from Neverwinter City said they never even heard of Team Xen...
I guess Team Xen has never needed to do anything in the Artrica Region.
I never noticed how beautiful this park was. I guess all that smog really messed with my vision.
GRUNT: Huh? What do you want? Can't you see that we're busy?
GRUNT: Wait, you want that Minccino we stole?
No way. This is our steal! Find another Minccino and leave us alone!
GRUNT: Doesn't look like they're willing to give this up...
GRUNT: You'll be sorry for pestering us!
Strike the Team Xen pose! The glorious X!
Team Xen! Go Go Go Go!
B-But this Minccino was for the boss!
Team Xen loses again? But how?
GRUNT: Hrk... Even when we strike a pose as perfect as this...
GRUNT2: It's still not enough to intimidate you?
GRUNT: I guess we have no choice but to hand over the Minccino...
GRUNT2: You've won this time, but next time we shall reign victorious!
MINCCINO: Swoop...
Minccino went back to the hotel!
I'M.\| NOT.\| CRAZY.\| I know what I saw! I know what I saw!
There I was, looking for a Budew in the grass...
After a while of looking, I finally come across a regular Budew...
But no... This one was different. This one was a monster.
IT WAS A LEVEL 100 BUDEW FROM HELL! I couldn't beat it.
I ran away as fast as I could. I couldn't take it.
If you happen to find that level 100 Budew, I'll pay you for it. I promise!
Are you here to show me that Budew?!
Please... I need to see that Budew one last time!
Th-That's it! At least I think it is... It could be just like any ordinary Budew, but it looks just the same!
What a magnificent power level... It's absolutely mesmerizing!
Beautiful!
Amazing!
Wonderful!
Glamorous!
Stupendous!
Thank you! \| For showing my such a wonderful Pokemon!
In exchange, please take this with you.
I found this while fixing up the park. I don't have a use for it.
Thank you so much! Hopefully that Grassium Z will do you well!
[Map572]
AIPOM: Apo?
AMBIPOM: Ambipo?
Hey, you look strong! You should battle me!
Wow, you're really strong!
You're so cool!
Hello and welcome to Kecleon's shop!
KECLEON: ...What's going on here?
Anyway...
I came out all the way here to paint the lovely trees that adorns this Route.
Not only that, but I wish to paint my three favorite Pokemon!
My three favorite Pokemon are Cherrim, Magcargo, and Zebstrika!
If you bring me a Cherrim, I will reward you greatly!
Have you come to show me a Cherrim?
Aha! That is a Cherrim, is it not?
If you would just let me borrow Cherrim to paint for just a moment, I'll greatly appreciate it!
Magnifique! It turned out so well!
I must thank you for helping me out! Please take this!
I would love to paint Magcargo next! Please bring me a Magcargo!
Huh? You don't seem to have a Cherrim with you at this time...
Do not tease an artist! My heart is broken!
Ah... but it is understandable.
Have you come to show me a Magcargo?
Aha! That is a Magcargo, is it not?
If you would just let me borrow Magcargo to paint for just a moment, I'll greatly appreciate it!
I would love to paint Zebstrika next! Please bring me a Zebsrtika!
Huh? You don't seem to have a Magcargo with you at this time...
Have you come to show me a Zebstrika?
Aha! That is a Zebstrika, is it not?
If you would just let me borrow Zebstrika to paint for just a moment, I'll greatly appreciate it!
You brought all three Pokemon to me!
I am so happy that I could sing!
Please take this as well!
Thank you so much for your efforts!
Huh? You don't seem to have a Zebstrika with you at this time...
Thank you so much for showing me my three favorite Pokemon!
Perhaps one day my art will be showcased somewhere in Grand Dream City!
I bought 6 special Magikarp online! They know a move they can't normally learn!
I don't know if it's just me, but I think I got ripped off.
Man, I was dumb enough to buy a stupid rip off like this?
Clearly I need to just fish for my own things more. You can't trust anyone else!
But I'm not so sure about this location...
If you ever find a better spot for me, let me know!
Goldenwood Forest you say? Huh... I've never considered that place.
Alright you know what? I'll go!
"Welcome to Route 2: Cherry Blossom Road!"
What did I just witness...? Was that a tree walking past me?
I need to lay off the hot sauce for a while...
Maybe I should go find a comfortable corner and just rest for a bit.
Clearly I need it.
JEFF: Why are we recording a tree again?
I was having a good day until you walked right in front of me!
What's your problem anyway? I just wanted to relax today!
This entire day is ruined because of you!
???:\ts[2] Hey, watch out!!!
???: Sorry kid, but you snooze, you lose!
Gotta run!
*Looking in your wallet, you realize that some of your money is missing!*
FLABEBE: Beb!
MEGANIUM: Megama!
THIEF: H-Huh? Where did you get Rock Smash? I didn't see you pick that up?!
You know what? That's not a problem!
Catch me if you can, kid!
HENRIETTA: I'm in the middle of a recording! Don't bother me!
I'm on my way to Sheridan Village, but then I learned I had to go through a cave.
I think I made a mistake...
Perhaps I'll actually just stay here.
LADY: How I long to meet a worthy trainer...
Oh dear! You've obtained 4 badges? In a region like this even...
Trainer, I would like to experience what it's like to raise a different Pokemon.
Would you mind trading a wild Plusle for my Chikorita?
LADY: I understand.
Thank you! Let's get started!
\PN traded Plusle for Chikorita!
LADY: Thank you so much! Please take care of my Chikorita!
LADY: Ah, well, I've seen one before so I'll just check my Pokedex...
It looks like Plusle can be found on Route 4, but they're quite rare.
I'm sorry, but you have yet to even truly begin your journey.
Please come back when you've retrieved more badges.
JEFF: Jeez Henrietta, give me a break...
I don't know the history behind it, but apparently this Route is close to Sheridan.
I don't mean close as in distance, either. Someone up there must really love this route.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
GRUNT: I'll take this.
KECLEON: That item will be 50,000!
GRUNT: Screw off.
KECLEON: Stop! Thief!
GRUNT: Arghhhh!!!
KECLEON: That'll teach 'em!
Do you still want to pick up this item...? If you don't pay for it there will be consequences.
Thank you for your patronage!
HENRIETTA: Stop! You're a new trainer, right? Is that right?
How would you like to be part of our new program called "Trainer Tracker"?
All we gotta do is battle. Simple, yeh?
Then how 'bout it? C'mon, it'll be fun!
What a scoop!
HENRIETTA: Whoa, I didn't expect to do well, but I didn't expect to just flat out lose like that either!
You gave us a lot of nice footage, kid. What's your name?
...
\PN? Man, you're gonna go places, \PN.
HENRIETTA: Hm... That it? I guess we got the footage we needed, but it's kinda lame.
Thanks anyway.
HENRIETTA: Thanks a ton, \PN! We got some great footage from that battle!
HENRIETTA: Maybe we'll get actual good footage one day, right Jeff?
JEFF: Eh, doesn't sound likely.
KECLEON: ...
DITTO: Ditto!
Ditto headed north!
KECLEON: I'm just going to pretend that never happened.
"Amethyst Cave"
Just an ordinary tree doing ordinary tree things like photosynthesis.
PHOTOSYNTHESIS..... PHOTOSYNTHESIS...
What? Why are you bothering a tree?
...You don't have any weird... interests with trees, right?
Goddamnit! I'm a goddamn tree for christ's sake! Can you stop touching me!
BAH, SCREW IT ALL.
???: Man, you just don't give up!
It's only 2,000$, like, come on...
You'll make four times that in a few days!
Ugh, whatever! Time to go again. Teleport!
I saw a rare Pokemon past this bridge! I want to study it for my research!
Sorry, but I won't allow you to come this way!
W-Wait, those notes you have! They're about the Pokemon I'm studying!
With these notes, I won't have to stay out here anymore!
I don't really like being outside, so these notes are perfect!
Will you give them to me?
Marvelous! Now I can get out of here! Thank you!
Well forget you then!
It's an item Kecleon has layed out!
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
GRUNT: ...
DITTO: .... Dit?
DITTO: Dit! Dit!! Dit!!!!! DITTOOOO!!!!
Ditto went somewhere spooky!
Yes
No
Where can I find one?
Buy
Guess again, nerd!
[Map573]
AELITA: This statue... It isn't an actual statue, is it?
It's a person. Just like those people in Grand Dream City.
REN: Nastasia said that there'll be a lot more than just this person.
It's probably best to just ignore them for now.
AELITA: ...
It's a long shot, but maybe... Maybe Audino's healing when she's at her peak will be able to do something.
REN: A long shot for sure, but go ahead. Couldn't hurt to try.
AELITA: Audino, do your thing. Full blast!
AUDINO: Audino!!
AELITA: Sigh... I thought that might've worked.
REN: It was a good idea. It's... just not that simple, I guess.
AELITA: Yeah, I guess you're right.
REN: C'mon, we gotta find that Rift.
AELITA: I was really hoping that would work. Because if it did...
Locked... But you can hear movement inside!
AUDINO: Audi! Audi!
AELITA: Thank you!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
GRUNT: We'll sell you stuff, but only cuz a girl needs money!
GRUNT: Come back in like an hour or something. I'm tired right now.
AELITA: You guys are so lazy!
AELITA: The gate's open! How much more do we have left to go?
REN: Let's see... According to the map...
Just have one small portion of the city left. Then we should be closing in on the pyramid.
AELITA: Understood. Have any of you heard anything from Team B and C?
REN: Just tried contacting them. Haven't gotten a response.
AELITA: Shouldn't we turn back and help them??
REN: I want to make sure they're okay too, but we can't stop now.
Remember our mission-
AELITA: Find and destroy the Rift, I know, I know. It still sucks.
REN: Yeah...
AELITA: This way then.
REN: This way, but first...
Audino, if you would?
AUDINO: Audi!!
AELITA: Always there to help. Thank you! Right, let's go.
AELITA: What the...?!
???: Wowie, your friends are back there? Must feel special...
AELITA: Wh-What's going on??
???: You mean you don't recognize me? I guess that's understandable.
???: How about this? Is this suitable enough for you, Aelita?
AELITA: N-Nim? Is that really you?
???: Nim. Nim, Nim, Nim, Nim... That name. I don't use it anymore.
The girl you knew as Nim? That was a lie.
AELITA: A lie? What are you talking about?
???: Nim was the name I gave myself. It came to me the moment I was created.
But after being on this journey, I've learned something.
Nim? I don't deserve to have that name. It's disgusting of me to even think that I could.
I believe, Lorna, is a better name for someone like me.
REN: Am... Am I missing something? Who is this girl?
AELITA: This is... was our friend, Nim. I wasn't there when it happened, but...
Melia told me that Nim fell into Valor Mountain, but somehow she's still here.
LORNA: That was soooo long ago. I almost forgot that even happened!
...Is what I would like to say, but given the circumstances, I'm sure you'll understand why it's the opposite.
AELITA: Nim... Is it true that you turned Venam to stone?!
Why would you do that to your friend?
LORNA: Friend? I didn't even know her.
And I turned her to stone, because that's my purpose.
REN: Your purpose...?
LORNA: You'd know yours too, if you didn't leave Crescent.
REN: H-How do you know about-
LORNA: Because I'm your replacement.
I'm doing what you couldn't, and in return, \c[6]I learned what I truly am.
And I learned... About how you all abandoned me.
AELITA: Abandoned you? When?!
LORNA: Crescent showed me. She showed me what happened.
I worked so hard to keep Geara and his crew at bay, but I couldn't help it anymore...
As a result,\c[6] I used up all of my life force, and turned into stone.
But... Let me tell you something. When you turn to stone, your life doesn't end.
You're stuck in an abyss that is your own mind.\| Alone.
It's cold... No one can hear you... You can't see a thing. It's just your existence.
Do you know how hopeful I was? I wished and wished for help...\| But no one came.
Do you know how cold it was?
How torturous it was?
How agonizing it was?
\ts[1]How lonely it was....?
LORNA: *sob*... *sob*...
\ts[1]I sacrificed myself because... because I loved you all...
AELITA: ...Nim.
We didn't abandon you. Please believe us! \PN, I and many others worked so hard to save you!
In the process, I almost lost my life. But if that's what it took to save you, then I was willing.
LORNA: Ah... But I'm mistaken...
There was one person who actually cared about me.
\PN... Crescent showed me everything you've done for me.
You're the only person I can trust.
And therefore, I'll spare you such a horrible curse.
AELITA: Nim!!
REN: Don't even try, Aelita. She's too deep within her own despair.
She's not listening to a word we're saying.
AELITA: Okay... I get it.
If she won't stop, then we have no choice. We'll take her down.
LORNA: I won't...
I won't stop... I won't stop until each and every one of you feels what I've felt.
LORNA: Protecting them is foolish. They'll do the same thing to you.
I don't want to fight you, \PN.\| But...\| If you won't step down...
You'll just have to share their fate!
...
LORNA: \PN, I don't understand it. Why do you side with them?
REN: Listen to us, Nim. I don't know what Crescent showed you, but she isn't to be trusted!
There's a reason why I left her. Just let me explain.
LORNA: And how do I know you're the one to be trusted?
How can I be sure that what you've experienced is what really happened?
What did you just say?
AELITA: It's... raining?! Storming, even!
LORNA: Not that it matters, I couldn't even confirm with Crescent even if I wanted to...
She's gone missing. I can't find her.
REN: She's... missing?
LORNA: I can't think straight anymore. I can only hear their voices now.
The ones of Hiyoshi City. The ones trapped in stone... Their force exists, but only slightly.
Ah, but how they yearn for freedom...
LORNA: Oh... Silly me. I can't let my emotions get to me anymore.
Weird things start to happen when they do. I can't do that.
I'll just get this over with before you make me cry more.
REN: What?
REN: Guys!
LORNA: You deserve this.
AELITA: Nim, stop!
LORNA: Sleep tight.
LORNA: Wh-What?
REN: That trick won't work on me!
LORNA: But... why? Why didn't you...
REN: I think you'll find it difficult to turn an artificial body into stone.
LORNA: A-Artificial?!
REN: That's right. Your tricks are powerless on me.
Stand down and admit defeat, Nim.
LORNA: Grghh...
LORNA: ...
\ts[1]This isn't over...\| Not by a long shot.
AELITA: She's gone.
REN: ...I doubt she's gone far.
AELITA: I want to cling onto the hope that she may turn around, but...
REN: We don't have much time left. We have to be getting closer to that Rift.
AUDINO: Audi...
GRUNT: Buy something! If not, I'll clobber you!
GRUNT: We're on break. No shopping!
AELITA: I didn't want anything from you anyway, so mleh!
HUEY: Sorry about that. I really had to pee!
REINA: I told you to use the bathroom BEFORE we left, Huey.
HUEY: Yeah but every time I get stressed out I just gotta go!
And you know I'm afraid of heights! Jumping down to save Team C took a lot outta me!
REINA: You're telling me? I almost busted my ass jumping down there.
HUEY: Heh... Anyway, where's Rhodea? She's been acting kinda weird.
RHODEA: ...
HUEY: Um, is there something wrong?
REINA: Yeah you look like my cousin Shira after her third salt bath.
And trust me, the bath was normal before she got inside.
HUEY: What does that even mean?
REINA: Oh, easy! It mean-
RHODEA:\ts[1] I'm going back.
HUEY: Huh? Back to the ship? We haven't finished our mission yet!
HUEY: H-Huh? Wait!
AELITA: No time to mess with this right now!
AUDINO: Audi?
AELITA: Hm... I'm a little worried about the others.
Do you think they'll be okay down there?
REN: They'll be fine. I'm confident in their capabilities.
And I feel especially safe knowing my sister's down there. She's a whole Primeape.
AELITA: Well, if you say so.
Right, so what's the plan now?
REN: I was just looking at the map Nastasia gave me earlier.
There aren't any more huge craters like this to block our way.
So now we have a wider range to cover.
AELITA: I know it's dangerous, but maybe we should split up.
We'll cover more ground that way.
REN: Yeah, I was going to say the same. Plus if we're in trouble we can easily contact each other.
AELITA: Understood!
AELITA: Apparently there's a gate blocking our way into the inner parts of the city.
We're gonna look around for a way to open it!
AELITA: Hm... Looks like the only way around is through a hole on the side of this building.
U-Um, is this safe? It feels really unsafe.
Wait... I thought you were underground? I wasn't prepared for this!
I really wasn't prepared! Do over?
I promise I can do better, just give me another chance!
\PN turned the key and opened the door!
The door is locked, but it reads "Lux Apartments".
So you're \PN? Jeez can you calm down? I just wanna get to my lunch break already.
Enough!!! Enough!!!
LUNCH TIME!
[Map574]
REN: Found exactly what we needed. Of course it'd be in Nymiera's place of all places.
Alexandra told me in private that she used to visit Zone Zero often.
She said she would purposefully block sections off so that people wouldn't interfere with the area. Particularly Bladestar.
So I can only assume that Alexandra was the one who cleared out this place and placed the lever to that gate here.
After all, she is a descendent of Nymiera.
Okay, I'm hoping that opened up the way. Let's go check it out.
This plant seems to have been watered recently...?
SAKI: Wowie! You got me a Pokemon? Aw yeah.
Hm... This is a Fennekin, right? Which is a Fire-type, yeah?
MR.BLAKEORY: Yes, and it's top notch. Best in the world, perhaps?
SAKI: Eh... It could be the best Pokemon in the world, but I'm not really a fan of Fire Pokemon.
FENNEKIN: ...
SAKI: And this thing looks a 'lil weird. Is it shiny?
MR.BLAKEORY: Very observant as usual, Saki. No, it's not shiny, but its colors are slightly different.
SAKI: Hm... That's kinda lame!
MR.BLAKEORY: Our scientists have experimented on this particular Fennekin.
We have injected a special alloy we've created using Black Shards inside of this Fennekin.
As a result, Fennekin and its future form Braixen will be weaker than normal.
SAKI: Oh great...
MR.BLAKEORY: But upon evolving into Delphox, the Black Shard will activate.
Giving this Fennekin a burst of incredible energy. We're quite excited.
SAKI: Great power, huh? Okay! Maybe I do like this thing!
MR.BLAKEORY: Ohoho...! I'm glad you like it! I await Braixen's inevitable evolution.
SAKI: Yay! Thanks Grandpa! This is the best birthday ever!!
SAKI: Alright, let's try it again!
There's someone inside of this capsule... But...
REN: Wonder if we can find anything of use in here?
REN: Let's take a look around this place and see what we can find.
Your party has been healed!
REN: \PN, I know you've noticed this for a while, but...
You KNOW where we are, right?
REN: Yeah, exactly. It's where we just were, but... like.
This place is in total ruins. A completely different atmosphere.
REN: You know, Hiyoshi City? The place we just visited?
I suppose it's not too unexpected for you not to recognize this place.
After all, you were unconscious for most of that time.
Anyway, you saw that gate outside, right? We're gonna have to find a way past it without doing anything insane.
I wish Nastasia would just let me blast it to pieces, but after I consulted her about it, she disabled them.
Mrrgh. Should've just done it without asking. That's what I get for being polite.
Let's look around here and see what we can find.
Can't go back down!
"The diary of Doctor Isiah Halvard."
REN: Are... You... Okay...?
AELITA: Yeah, I'm fine... I've never seen, y'know...
But I gotta get over myself! If I wanna be the leader of Sheridan, I'll have to be strong!
Thanks for trying to cheer me up, Ren. I really appreciate it!
REN: No... Problemo...!
AELITA: Right, we shou-
AELITA: What the...?
AELITA: Am I going insane? This gate wasn't open a moment ago.
REN: .liava\non ot tub ,reilrae ti gninepo deirt I .saw tI
.yllauqe sgod dna stac htob ekil I
AELITA: Yeah, what you just said, I think.
AELITA: Let's look on the bright side! We have a way back. Now let's go.
It seems to be-
REN: So you got the power to come back on? Nice.
Strangely enough, the other doors won't open either. Even with my manipulation.
Except for this room...
Huh? What's that?
Mind if I take a quick look at it?
REN: This is...
REN: This... record belongs to Anathea?!
But wait a minute, something's wrong here...
There's info here that I don't really think is correct?
I guess I've only really seen her spirit, but I remember her having blonde hair.
Says here that she was the mother of four children, too.
But that's weird...
Anathea was desperate when it came to her daughter named Maria.
But if she had more children, wouldn't she be worried about them too?
Or maybe they're fine? That's why she didn't-- Okay, I'm looking way too into this.
REN: Hold on, I just got an idea. Why don't we just ask her?
She's with you, right? Have you ever tried calling her?
Well, let me try it.
REN: Anathea? Are you there?
REN: Well that didn't work.
We don't really have time to test this out either...
Don't you find that kinda weird though? Why would this file be singled out?
REN: And by the look of this place, it looks like someone was really eager to find it.
Starting to suspect that someone's been here very recently...
Anyway, I'm gonna go check on Aelita. I think she told me she was gonna check out the building just south of here.
AELITA: Um, Ren? You good over there?
REN: Yes.
AELITA: Hm... Okay! If you say so.
Hm... how much time do we have left.
AELITA: We only have 10 hours left?? Did we seriously waste 9 hours out here?
Ren, how long is this repair going to take?
REN: .era segamad eht evisnetxe woh no sdneped tI .etamitse na uoy evig t'ndluoc I
AELITA: ...Right.
Sigh.
HUEY: Huh? Looks like we caught up with you guys!
AELITA: Oh! Huey, Reina! Um, are we really that slow?
REINA: Nah, you guys do all the hard work. We just kinda follow behind.
Rhodea, Eli and Sharon went back to the airship, so it's just Huey, Braixen, Adam and I.
HUEY: We're kinda breaking the team composition, but eh who cares?
AELITA: I see... Well, we're sort of in a bind. Ren's body got damaged so now we have to repair him.
REINA: Hmm... How damaged we talkin' here?
REN: .muminim sruoh 3 naht erom ekat lliw ylbaborP .thguoht I naht esrow s'ti ebyaM ...mmmH
REINA: Oh.\| That bad, huh?
Alright, well, I guess we'll just chill for a bit.
Not much that can be done if you guys can't continue.
AELITA: That's not true! We can make use of this time.
Reina, Huey, I want you guys to take a look around and see if there's any way to progress.
If I recall, there was another one of those gates blocking us from moving forward.
Find a way to unlock them, or at least get around them.
HUEY: Nastasia told us to stay put, but...
AELITA: She did, but I'm telling you to do this right now.
It'll help us all out in the long run, understand?
HUEY: Aye-aye Captain! We'll be right on it!
REINA: Yes ma'am!
REN: .atileA ,doog saw tahT
AELITA: Okay, \PN, let's help Ren with his repairs.
AELITA: How are you feeling, Ren?
REN: Could be worse. At least I can talk properly again.
REINA: Yeah, but unfortunately that repair costed us like 5 hours.
We only have 5 hours left and I'm not even sure we're close to that Rift or the Pyramid.
REN: Yeah, sorry about that.
AELITA: There's no use worrying. We gotta stay calm.
Reina, Huey, did you find anything to help with that gate?
HUEY: We looked around with Braixen and Adam, but we couldn't really find anything.
REINA: It's really hard to look around the ruins. They're all, you know, ruined and stuff.
I already have sand in places there really shouldn't be, and I'm losing my mind!
Augh, this is all hopeless!
AELITA: Reina, what did I just say? We gotta stay calm!
There's a solution to every puzzle. We just gotta figure it out!
Everyone, let's all gather in front of the gate. I want to try something.
REINA/HUEY: Yes ma'am!
"Patient: \PN"
AELITA: Hm...
AELITA: Nothing in here either. Guess I'll go check out some other area.
REN: You sure about that?
AELITA: Huh? What do you mean?
REN: Heh, it's a good thing \PN and I went on that little adventure.
Check this out.
REN: This part of the wall looks weird, right?
But what if we just went ahead and pushed against it?
Justttt like this!
AELITA: Oh my gosh... a secret entrance!
Nice going, Ren!
ARIA: I'm tryinnng to take a nap, Axel. Could you come back later?
AXEL: Oh yeah, and get yelled at later for not waking you up?
As if, drama queen. We gotta go!
ARIA: Sigh, I guess this is why we're related. Always gotta be punctual!
After all, it's Aevia's piano recital today, isn't it?
AXEL: That's right you dork! She's been practicing for months, so let's not be late!
ARIA: Yep! You're right. Let's get going.
AXEL: Keheh...
ARIA: Hm? There it is! That devilish smile of yours!
What have you done this time, Axel?
AXEL: Oh, nothing my dear, dear sister. I'm an angel, don't you know that already?
AXEL: Oh, by the way.\| Alain said your sugar cookies at the bake sale were dry!
ARIA: She said what?!!
AXEL: AHAHAHAHAHAHA!
ARIA: Mrmgmgp... Did you tie my shoe laces together?!!
AXEL: That's what you get for embarrassing me in front of everyone the other day!
Eye for an eye, sis! I'll see you at the recital! Don't be late or else Aevia will be upset!
ARIA: You nerd!!! You won this time, but next time I'll get you!!
Axel!!!!
AELITA: What's with the creepy basement? This doesn't look good...
REN: .dravlaH haisI rotcoD
AELITA: Alright, if we have you giving out info, we'll get nowhere.
AELITA: "This is the journal of Isiah Halvard."
Or well, it was... All the pages have been ripped straight out.
Did this house used to belong to this Isiah?
REN: .hguoht ,niatrec rof yas t'nac eW .erus rof esnes tsom eht ekam dluow tahT
AELITA: Um... yeah! I meant that too!
By the way... Is it just me, or do these pods look really familiar?
AELITA: Yeah, they're the same ones Nastasia got from the Hospital of Hope!
They're just really old and de-
AELITA:\ts[1] Kyahhhhhh!!!!!!
REN: ?yako uoy erA ?no gniog s'tahw ,atileA
AELITA: There's someone in there! I'm outta here, sorry!
REN: !no dloh ,atileA
"Patient: Deandra | Status: New"
The elevator won't respond.
AELITA: Really? Who the heck put a gate here??!! Arghh!
Letttt me throughhhhh!!!
"Patient: Henry"
AELITA: ...
I don't know what it is, but when I see this place my chest gets this twisting feeling.
It's the same feeling I got when Kenneth sacrificed himself for us back on Carotos.
It's... not a good feeling.
I wanna leave. Where did Ren go?
It looks like the circuits aren't receiving any source of power.
Supply some electricity?
Kzzrt...
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
| SYSTEMS ONLINE |
REN: Hey, wait for us!
REN: Sorry about lagging behind. Aelita and I sorta got caught up with uh...
REN: Yeah, Ris-
Wait, how'd you know that?
AELITA: She did run out of the building like a mad woman.
Maybe \PN ran into her or something.
AELITA: I believe her name was Risa Raider. That celebrity in Grand Dream City.
She was attacking Ren because he's, well, part of Team Xen.
REN: It doesn't matter. We've already wasted so much time there.
Let's just keep-
*19 hours remaining*
The lever appears to be stuck...
It looks like Ren flipped the lever!
"Archive."
Hiyoshi City
Where?
Yes
No
Risa Raider?
Who?
[Map575]
It looks like the circuits aren't receiving any source of power.
Supply some electricity?
Kzzrt...
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
| SYSTEMS ONLINE |
REN: Alright, nice going \PN! That really did the trick.
You go on ahead. I'll see if there's anything else I can do down here.
AELITA: Thank you! I'll get back to work!
The door won't budge at all.
AELITA: I don't have enough room to go that way...
AELITA: Looks like the power's all up and running!
That means we can open some of these doors now, right?
AELITA: Uh, this door isn't opening still. Hm...
AELITA: Whoa!
The door opened...! I didn't do that, though.
AELITA: Wh-What's going on here? Is the power flickering?
AELITA: Ah, that's the transmitter! Ren must be calling us!
AELITA: Hello? Ren?
\f[NP1_1]REN: Hey Aelita, \PN. Did you notice anything wierd just now?
AELITA: Yeah, how'd you know? The doors up here keep opening and closing.
\f[NP1_1]REN: Ah, yeah. That was me.
\f[NP1_1]Turns out, the doors are completely borked and don't work the way they're supposed to.
\f[NP1_1]Shocker, I know, but I seem to get some sort of response by flickering the power down here.
\f[NP1_1]We can use this to our advantage.
\f[NP1_1]On the transmitter there's a blue and a red button.
\f[NP1_1]This will flash the color of the button to everyone with a transmitter.
\f[NP1_1]Let's pretend "Red" is closed, and "Blue" is open. Okay?
AELITA: So, like this?
\f[NP1_1]REN: Perfect, we'll use this system to progress.
\f[NP1_1]Aelita, mind going through the first door and telling me what you see?
AELITA: Sure, no problem!
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Okay, I went in. There's not much in here.
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Uh, Ren? Did you just lock the door?
\f[NP1_1]REN: No? The door locked itself?
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: It did, and it won't open again! I think I'm stuck...
\f[NP1_1]REN: Uh, maybe not? Try looking around the room.
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Okay well, like I said there's nothing in here...
\f[NP2_1]But it looks like the walls collapsed a bit. I can see the other rooms from this one.
\f[NP2_1]Even the room with the door that won't open!
\f[NP2_1]Maybe I can squeeze through the gap in the wall if someone can get rid of the rubble.
\f[NP1_1]REN: That's a job for \PN, then. Let's hurry this up, guys. Over.
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Deffo! Let's get to work! Over!
AELITA: Thanks! I can always count on you to have my back, \PN!
Okay, let's see what we're working with here.
Well, well, well! Look at what we have here! Not nice seeing you again!
Of course you would win a second time!
I've done my job. We've all done our jobs. Everything will fall into place soon.
REN: Aelita and I figured out that the doors in this building are magnetized.
With the power being out, they should all open, but they don't.
Maybe there's some fail safe or something? In any case, we need this generator to be online if we want to progress.
If we had an Electric-type Pokemon, that would be possible.
I could, theoretically, just blast the doors open with my laser, but...
Something tells me this building ain't too stable, you know?
If you don't have anything like that, I think I saw some Heliolisks running around above ground.
If you need to use a PC, there's a PC star installed outside.
AELITA: No need to go this way!
RISA: Aw, did that hurt? I bet it did. It's what Team Xen scum like you deserve.
AELITA: Who are you? Leave Ren alone!
RISA: Not another step, grape head.
AELITA: G-Grape head?
Wait... You're...
RISA: That's right. You mess with the gun? You get the bullet.\| Bang. \|Bang.
AELITA: And what gun are we talking about?\| I-It wouldn't refer to this Jigglypuff, right?
RISA: Why? Think a Jigglypuff isn't strong enough? Tuff-Puff, did you hear that?
TUFF-PUFF: JIGGLY.
RISA: Sick 'em.
Wh-What? Not my Tuff-Puff! Anything but that...
AELITA: That Jigglypuff is not normal!
RISA: Aw man, my poor Tuff-Puff. Deflated.
Alrighty, you did your best. Return Tuff-Puff.
If you think I'm done, you've got a-
AELITA: Whoa... What is with this thing?!
RISA: It's Tuff-Puff. She's awesome, and she's mine.
Next time don't underestimate a beast like her, m'kay?
RISA: Hey, wait a minute... Ohmigosh... Aren't you that girl?
Tch, what was her name again...?
AELITA: Aelita...?
RISA: Yeah, that's right! Aelita! The girl who just won her round at the tournament!
AELITA: T-Tournament? I wasn't at the tournament!
RISA: Um... Yes you were? I was watching the whole match.
And then shortly after your match, Venam appeared and did hers.
AELITA: V-Venam?? That... That's definitely not possible.
RISA: Yeah, she was turned to stone, right? But there she was, ready to perform.
She looked like Venam, but she sure didn't act like her.
AELITA: ...
RISA: Anyway, what are you doing here?
AELITA: I should be asking you the same question.
RISA: Me? In general, I just like to cause Team Xen pain.
But this time, it's personal.
You see, they kidnapped my friends. Rhodea, Huey, \v[12], and another girl I've never seen before.
They all boarded this Xen ship after Bladestar's attack and swoosh.
I tailed them and now I'm here.
AELITA: ...They weren't kidnapped. We're working with Team Xen... temporarily.
RISA: ...I'm sorry, I didn't hear that. Did you say you guys are -working- with Team Xen?
And you better give a damn good reason, or else.
AELITA: It's because our friends are in trouble, and they're offering us help if we cooperate.
We need to reach the Spring of Rejuvenation before they succumb to their wounds!
Which reminds me. That person you just beat up? That's my friend!
RISA: This guy? You trust this guy? Hunnie, you could do so much better.
Teaming up with Team Xen? Tragic.
I'm not gonna hold it against you, yet, but you do you.
But I will say this: If I see you guys doing anything I don't like, it's G-G-Game Over! For you.
AELITA: I don't remember asking for your approval...
RISA: Of course you didn't. I'm giving it to you anyway.
And you better cherish it. It's a popular item!
REN: Ugh...
AELITA: Ren, are you okay?
REN: Urgh, yeah, I'm fine. That girl hits like a truck, though.
Never expected someone like her to be so savage.
AELITA: It sucks, but we gotta go. We found the exit.
We kinda just need the power back on.
REN: The machine works fine, I just switched it off so that Risa wouldn't destroy it.
AELITA: Okay, let's go get Audino and group back up with \v[12].
\v[12]: ...
This rock looks like it's mineable!
Open it up with Blast Powder?
???: Oh my...! My first customer!
???: Peggy, please get our guests some drinks, would you?
PEGGY: ...
???: Oh Peggy, you're such a kidder. Hahahaha.\| I wish I had friends.
Anyway, welcome! I am Venus! The 3rd member of the Culvier Clan!
I found this empty apartment and decided to do a little remodel here and there.
It was a small project, but then it turned into a big one!
Next thing I know, Peggy shows up and asks to volunteer!
Isn't that right, Peggy?
VENUS: Don't mind her. She's kind of shy. She can actually hold a conversation quite well!
Anyway, I've been itching for a challenge. So if you're up for that, please talk to me!
Locked.
AELITA: There it is! The exit! Only one more room left...
AELITA: Hm... I can see the basement through this gap. It's quite a drop...
But I've been practicing my parkour while I was away! Just look at this!
AELITA: See! I told you I could do it!
Don't worry, I'll go see what I can do from here.
AELITA: Gyah! Bladestar?!
GRUNT1: Look who's creepin' around! Sorry, but this is Bladestar territory!
AELITA: Rrgh... You'll all pay!
Oopsie Woopsie...
GRUNT2: Man, you don't just walk into someone's house and beat them up!
GRUNT1: Yeah, at least order us some pizza before you beat us to a pulp!
AELITA: Maybe you all should order us pizza before you, I dunno, blow up our friends?!
GRUNT1: She's got a point...
GRUNT2: Yeah, that was superrrr effed up, man.
AELITA: Don't act like you guys didn't advocate for it!
After all, you're part of Bladestar, yes?
GRUNT1: Yeah, but like, we didn't know that was gonna happen.
It sorta just happened, you know?
AELITA: Y-You didn't know? The Grunts didn't know about that?
That means Flora mercilessly slaughtered your own teammates!
Why are you still working for her after she's shown you how disposable you are?!
GRUNT1: Her methods are cruel, but you gotta admit they have results.
GRUNT2: It's because of her that Cassandra's dead.
And no Cassandra means no more holding us back!
This is Bladestar's city now, and there's nothing you lot can do about it!
Retreat!
If what they said is true, that means Flora's worse than we thought.
I'm just gonna go and open the gate...
AELITA: Hey, I bet I could use this as a bridge!
AELITA: Heh, genius!
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: \PN!
\f[NP2_2]I found a way to make a bridge over one of the gaps!
\f[NP2_1]I need your help once again. Could you come through the third door? \|Over!
VENUS: Yay! Challenger time!
VENUS: I, Venus, the 3rd member of the Culvier Clan accept your challenge!
You may find my Pokemon to look weak, but that's not the case~...
Tell them, Peggy!
VENUS: She has such a way with words...\| Anyway, let's go!
Peggy, get the gun.
VENUS: I'm just kidding! I would never hurt you!
But damn did you hurt my feelings by beating me! Not cool!
You know what is cool though?
Shing! Sparkle, sparkle!
VENUS: Peggy, we're going to have to change our battle strategy from here on out.
You know what? Since we're changing things up, why don't you take this as well?
\PN got one stamp!
VENUS: Now you'll be able to party just like Venus and Peggy did! Yay!
VENUS: Peggy and I are going to work on becoming the better, isn't that right, Peggy?!
VENUS: Oh Peggy... Modest as always.
Locked, and it doesn't look like it'll open any time soon.
GRUNT: Gee, would you look at that! The light's back on!
Time to SCRAM!
AELITA: Just leave this to me!
GRUNT: Man, you guys just don't know when to quit!
I bet you're that person at the party who just won't leave no matter how many times someone asks!
You're that annoying child at daycare that's the last to leave!
You're the child who just wants to be part of a group but no one wants you!
Y-You're... You're just like...\| You're just like me, waaahh!!
Have you no heart? I've opened myself to you!
GRUNT: I just wanna be loved!!! Is that so hard to ask?!
GRUNT: ...
I don't wanna hear it.
AELITA: Whoa, what just happened?! \v[12] are you okay?
\v[12]: I'm fine.
AELITA: Whew... That's a relief.
AELITA: Maybe Ren messed with the power a little too much?
AELITA: Ren? Can you hear me? What happened? Over.
AELITA: Ren?
Something must've happened...
\v[12], I'll be right back! I have to go check on Ren!
AELITA: Don't worry, I'll take things from here, \v[12]!
\v[12]: Please be careful. Don't do anything dumb. I'm waiting for you right here.
AELITA: W-Wow, okay! I promise I'll be just fine!
\v[12]: Please be careful.
\v[12]: ...Good luck.
AELITA: Can you get rid of this rock for me? I think we're at the final stretch!
REN: We need an Electric-type Pokemon to power up these generators.
Once we get it online, we can probably get through this building.
REN: You go on ahead, I'll check around the area to make sure there's nothing else.
REN: I got things covered down here. Just find a way through this building.
REN: Auughh!!
AELITA: Ren?!
AELITA: And a one, two, three! Bingo!
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Looks like I opened the gate! I'm gonna go on ahead!
Locked, but this door has a keyhole!
AELITA: 'Scuse me!
AELITA: Yes! Knew it! Let's go in!
AELITA: Hey, this looks like a key! Probably to that one door...
Maybe we'll be able to go upstairs and exit through that hole in the wall now.
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Hey, \PN! Guess what I found!
\f[NP2_2]It's a key! This'll probably be useful! I hope...
\f[NP2_1]Go ahead and wait for me by that one locked door in the hallway. I'll be right there!
AELITA: Don't need to go this way!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
AELITA: There's no way I have enough space to jump over to the next room...
\f[NP2_1]AELITA: Hey, \PN? Can you hear me?
\f[NP2_1]There's a smashable rock that's going to make it impossible for me to make any longer jumps.
\f[NP2_1]Could you go through the second door and clear the way for me? Thanks!
AELITA: I have to unlock the gate first!
Now you're walking around Zone Zero? Who gave you the right?
Maybe we shouldn't be battling in a decrepit building.
That's enough for now. I'd rather not be buried alive.
AELITA: I don't have Blast Powder... \v[12] might be able to take care of this!
If only I could get \v[12] over here somehow...
AELITA: Last jump!
Yes
No
[Map576]
REINA: UM...
Now listen, I'm all about adventure and all of that stuff, but...
Think this in particular might be a little out of my comfort zone.
REN: This is... a nuke?!
AELITA: This... this thing can't be real... Out in the open?
RISA: Isn't that just insane? That's not all. Take a look at the letters engraved on it.
Do any of you recognize that alphabet?
REINA: I can't say I've ever seen anything like that.
REN: They look very similar to Unown letters, but not quite.
RISA: Yeah, you're right, Xen boy.
There's a lot of evidence that states that alphabets were modeled after the Unown.
Perhaps this text is that in a more primitive form?
AELITA: Primitive? This is a bomb! How could this thing ever-
RISA: That was my thought too. My curiosity got the better of me.
ADAM: Ahaha! Wait what...?
REN: Are you crazy? Why would you do something like that-
RISA: Relax, this thing is totally hollow. There's nothing inside.
Honestly? I don't think anything ever was. But it's interesting to think about, isn't it?
Why was this made? Who made this?
AELITA: It doesn't matter! What if it wasn't? What if it went off? What then?
RISA: I have my methods. I wouldn't do something that would endanger people.
Just asking you to trust me on that one, for now.
Anyway, that's all I wanted to show you. There's not much else besides this empty shell.
RISA: Who knows? Maybe this thing is just the context you'll need for later.
REINA: Context for later? Can you stop being such a vague bitch? Ugh!
RISA: Ohmigosh, what is with the hostility? I've done nothing but help you guys since you got here, right?
I was going to let you guys just find it on your own so you'd feel accomplished, or whatever...
But now I'm gonna spoil it.
Just kidding, it's not a spoiler! It's valuable info for Ren, \PN and Aelita.
That Rift you're looking for is just up ahead. It was guarded by some Bladestar grunts, but I took care of em.
S'all yours, so, have fun with that, or whatever.
AELITA: The Rift! Maybe we'll make it after all...
RISA: I'll leave that to you guys. I'll catch up with you guys later, or not.
REN: So if what Risa said is true, then we've finally found our target.
AELITA: Yeah, let's be quick about this. We don't have a lot of time.
REINA: In that case, we'll return to the ship and wait for its defeat.
HUEY: Yeah. Good luck you guys!
Everyone's counting on you three!
AELITA: Yeah.
ADAM: \PN! If you lose to this thing, I'll have to beat you up!
Because that also means that I'm weak! I can't accept my imperfections!
So you go gettem!
REN: I think that's his weird way of saying good luck.
AELITA: I think I liked him more when he was quieter.
Wait, that was so mean to say, I'm sorry!
REN: Oh, don't worry. I'll just tell him you said that once this is all over.
AELITA: W-Wait, I said I'm sorry!
AELITA: Hey! You mean birds get off of that poor Tauros!
MANDIBUZZ: Manda!
AELITA: You wanna fight? Then let's fight!
MANDIBUZZ: Manda!!!
AELITA: Now you're coming with us! We'll teach you how to be nice Pokemon!
AELITA: That's what happens when you're rude! Hope you learned your lesson!
AELITA: Darn, that one got away! Hopefully it doesn't cause us harm later...
AELITA: Hey big guy. Are you okay?
TAUROS: Tauro!
AELITA: Aww, you're a sweet one. Looks like you're not too badly hurt.
I'll get you patched up, don't worry. Just uh...
AELITA: Seems like this way's a dead end. Why don't you go check up with Ren?
I'll make sure this Tauros is well enough to move again.
SKARMORY: Skaarm!
AELITA: Go check in with Ren. I'll stay here and make sure this Tauros is healthy again!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
TAUROS: Toaruao!
GIBLE: Gib?
AELITA: These people... They're positioned oddly.
Almost like they were running from... something.
What they were running from...? I don't want to think about it.
It's probably better that way anyway.
REN: As soon as we thought we made some progress, there's another roadblock. Literally.
If only Nastasia would enable my damn laser...
RISA: Goodness, y'all are so slow!
AELITA: What are you still doing here?
RISA: Helping out, of course! You all should be thankful.
The power in this PokeCenter was hecka out. I took the liberty of restoring it for you!
AELITA: Oh! Really? Thank you, in that case!
RISA: Alright, so tell me. You got somethin' to say, Xen boy?
AELITA: H-Huh?
RISA: The Xen guy. He looks like he really wants to say something to me, but can't.
RISA: Aww, what's da matta? Miss Risa kick you in da mouf a wittle bit too hawd?
I'm an open book, kid. You can talk to me, promise!
AELITA: He doesn't have to say anything if he doesn't want to.
Now, if you'll excuse us. We need to utilize this Pokemon Center.
RISA: Lemme guess, he's malfunctioning?
AELITA: Wh-What would give you a dumb idea like that?
RISA: I kicked him earlier, remember? It's not hard to tell that he's an android or whatever.
He looks human, but everything underneath is just wiring and metal.
So go ahead and talk, it's easy.
REN: ?gnizinortap os eb ot evah uoy od yhW
RISA: Oh yeah, he's malfunctioning hardcore.
Well, I don't usually help out people from Team Xen, but...
You could probably repair yourself with the equipment in that PokeCenter.
AELITA: We already know that... That's why we're here.
RISA: Oh damn. I thought I was ahead of the game, but you guys are keepin' it steady.
Ohmigosh, Impressive. Muy bueno~!
AELITA: We don't have time for this. Ren, c'mon.
REN: .uoy dniheb thgiR
.yrros ,em esucxE
RISA: Always keepin' it steady...
Anyway, I'm gonna take a look around and see what else I can find.\| Ciao.
AELITA: A whole 'nother sector. That's okay, we're pros at this point!
REN: Yeah, let's just hope we don't have to make our way through an entire complex again.
That took up way too much of our-
REN: Zgahh!!!
AELITA: Ren!
AELITA: Ow!!
AUDINO: A-Audi!
That took up way too much of our-\| Wait, I said that already.
AELITA: ...Yeah, you did. What happened? Are you okay?
REN: Huh... I guess that attack from Nim did more than I thought.
I feel... kinda weird.
tuoba tahW .onnud I .driew ylemertxe leef I ekiL ?syug uoy
AELITA: Um... What?
REN: .yawyna eunitnoc dluohs ew ,revetahW ?tahw naem uoy od tahW ?
AELITA: Ren we can't understand you...
It sounds like you're talking backwards or something! It's gibberish!
REN: !noitcnuflam ot ecived hceeps ym desuac miN ...fo evol eht rof hO ?sdrawkcab gniklat m'I
AELITA: Maybe we should turn back and go see Nastasia. She could probably repair you!
REN: .retneC nomekoP a dnif nac ew fi flesym riaper nac I ,enif s'tI ! emit fo dnik taht evah t'nod eW
AELITA: ...Yeah, maybe that's a good idea. Let's head back.
REN:\ts[1] No... Pokemon... Center... Repair... Myself...
AELITA: Oh, hey! Maybe things are getting better!
REN:\ts[1] No... Talking... Backwards... Makes... Me... Talk... Normal...
AELITA: Oh.\| Well we gotta just find a PokeCenter then?
REN:\ts[1] Yes...
AELITA: Okay, let's do that then! Find a PokeCenter for Ren!
Everyone, move out!
REN: !?morf emoc soruaT siht did erehW ?TAHW
AELITA: Wooow, all I did was give this Tauros a Max Potion and it was all ready to go!
REN: .taht rof gniht doog os ,melborp kcor ruo devlos tI
AELITA: Mhm!\| Yup!\| I don't know what you just said!
REN: .siht tuoba gnihtyreve etah I...
AELITA: That being said, we have a way through now! Let's go!
Thank you very much, Tauros!
The giant rock is cracked!
REN: So what's your plan, Aelita?
AELITA: Well, I was thinking that we could-
ADAM: Outta the way, leave this to the professionals!
I'll make quick work of this stupid gate. Just you wait!
AELITA: And you're the professional? Somehow I don't think that's quite right...
REINA: What's your plan then, Adam?
ADAM: I, the ADAM MIGHT! Will break down this gate with my raw strength!
HUEY: Hey I think that's a great idea!
REINA: ...Is it though? I dunno.
AELITA: Last time you tried something like this you-
Sigh... I forgot. You don't remember that happening.
ADAM: It'll work! Trust me!
REINA: Now this I gotta see.
AELITA: Adam!!
REINA: AHAHAH I'M DEAD.
I knew something stupid like that was gonna happen! I just knew it!
(BRAIXEN: Even without his memories he's still the same Adam...)
AELITA: Adam, are you okay?
ADAM: ...
Physically? Yes. Emotionally? I'm in shambles.
AUDINO: Audii!
ADAM: Hey, I feel much better! Emotionally, too!
Remind me to sign your forehead later. That'll be my thanks to you!
REN: Why did the gate open, though?
RISA: Because I opened it.
Managed to get behind the gate and find the lever.
REINA: Oh who's this chick now? They're comin' in drones.
HUEY: That's Risa Raider! She's a friend of ours.
RISA: Aww Huey, you're too cute. But um, there's something I gotta show you guys.
Could you guys come this way real quick?
AELITA: Um, Ren? You good over there?
REN: Yes.
AELITA: Hm... Okay! If you say so.
Hm... how much time do we have left.
AELITA: We only have 10 hours left?? Did we seriously waste 9 hours out here?
Ren, how long is this repair going to take?
REN: .era segamad eht evisnetxe woh no sdneped tI .etamitse na uoy evig t'ndluoc I
AELITA: ...Right.
Sigh.
HUEY: Huh? Looks like we caught up with you guys!
AELITA: Oh! Huey, Reina! Um, are we really that slow?
REINA: Nah, you guys do all the hard work. We just kinda follow behind. Rhodea, Eli and Sharon went back to the airship, so it's just Huey, Braixen,
Adam and I.
HUEY: We're kinda breaking the team composition, but eh who cares?
AELITA: I see... Well, we're sort of in a bind. Ren's body got damaged so now we have to repair him.
REINA: Hmm... How damaged we talkin' here?
REN: .muminim sruoh 3 naht erom ekat lliw ylbaborP .thguoht I naht esrow s'ti ebyaM ...mmmH
REINA: Oh.\| That bad, huh?
Alright, well, I guess we'll just chill for a bit.
Not much that can be done if you guys can't continue.
AELITA: That's not true! We can make use of this time.
Reina, Huey, I want you guys to take a look around and see if there's any way to progress.
If I recall, there was another one of those gates blocking us from moving forward.
Find a way to unlock them, or at least get around them.
HUEY: Nastasia told us to stay put, but...
AELITA: She did, but I'm telling you to do this right now.
It'll help us all out in the long run, understand?
HUEY: Aye-aye Captain! We'll be right on it!
REINA: Yes ma'am!
REN: .atileA ,doog saw tahT
AELITA: Okay, \PN, let's help Ren with his repairs.
(BRAIXEN: This... This is all pointless. No one can understand me...
Not that it matters. I can't do anything to protect anyone...
It's the same every time... I'm just too weak to do anything.
...And it's going to keep on happening. Those people... They'll be back.
And when they do, no one will be prepared for them... Unless...)
???: Saki, darling. I have a gift for you!\| Happy Birthday!
(BRAIXEN: Evolution... Saki's antidote? Can it be possible?)
REN: .derit m'I dna krow hcum oot yaw si yltcerroc klat flesym ekam ot sdrawkcab gniklaT
.yad ruo niur ot ereh kcor a s'ereht esruoc fo tub ,ylisae hguorht teg dluoc ew ,yawynA
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaahH .delbasid llits s'ti tub yawa ti tsalb annaw I
[Map577]
Downloading...
This data file contains the data for Code: Garna.
More info on Code: Garna is located in the Rift Dex.
The CyberNav is now able to receive data on Dimensional Rift Pokemon.
AELITA: There it is, that's our target!
REN: Finally, after all this time!
It's... smaller than I thought it would be.
AELITA: Looks like a Hippowdon. The tubes on its body are spewing out sand endlessly.
AELITA: Alright, so what's the plan?
Present the Weird Diary?
REN: Huh? What's this?
Ren and Aelita both went through the diary.
REN: So basically what I've gathered is that it's possible to save this thing.
But the question is, are we equipped to do something like this?
AELITA: Maybe Nastasia might have something to say about this?
REN: Wouldn't matter. The book says a chamber is needed to drain out the Rift Matter.
Unfortunately, even if Nastasia was shown this earlier, we wouldn't have the means to do anything about it.
AUDINO: Audii!!
REN: What's up, Audino?
REN: Oh, right. Thank you!
AELITA: Audino, do you want to try healing it yourself?
AELITA: I don't think that'll work...
REN: Besides, I know I keep saying it, but we don't have the time.
Every second we waste could mean the worst.
AELITA: Yeah... I'm sorry, Audino. Just sit this one out with me.
AUDINO: ...
AELITA: Right, so the only choice we have here is to destroy it.
REN: Yeah, it's unfortunate...
AELITA: So then, should I do it? Hippowdon's a Ground-type.
My Cherrim and Starmie make a good combo.
REN: I think \PN and I should handle this one. This was our original mission, after all.
AELITA: Got it. Audino and I will act as backup then.\| Good luck.
REN: Sorry Hippowdon, but this is necessary! Let's go!
HIPPOWDON: Hiipoough!
REN: This thing still isn't down? We've been fighting for ages!
I don't know how much longer we can keep going.
AUDINO: Audi!
AELITA: Audino, what's the matter?
REN: A-Audino?! What are you doing?! Why are you healing it!
AUDINO: Audi!!!!
REN: Seriously, you're not helping! Just go wait with Aelita, please!
AELITA: It's okay, we know you were only trying to help.
Just leave this one to us, okay?
AUDINO: Audi...
AELITA: We'll do this together. You're gonna need my help!
AUDINO: Au. Di. NO!!!!
AELITA: Ren, I'm going to need you to- Huh?
What's going on?
AUDINO: AUDIIIIII!!
AELITA: Whoa!
AELITA: The Hippowdon! It's... It's back to normal!
REN: I guess this is the power of Mega Audino...!
AELITA: Audino, that was incredible!
AELITA: Oh no... I guess it used the last of its strength in its mega form to heal Hippowdon.
HIPPOWDON: Hippo!
AELITA: Yay! This had a happy ending after all!
It seems like the sandstorm has subsided as well, Ren.
You should contact Nastasia, Ren. She probably already noticed, though.
REN: Yeah, I'll do it just in case.
REN: Nastasia? The sandstorm should've subsided by now.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: I've noticed. Good job on destroying that Rift.
REN: Actually, we didn't destroy it!
Audino came through for us and used... a Mega Heal Pulse?
It looks like it drained the Rift Matter from its body. It's perfectly fine!
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: ...
\f[NP_1]I didn't know Audino were capable of pulling off something that grand.
\f[NP_1]That's... interesting. Very interesting.
REN: Perhaps this should be left to \PN and I. This was our mission originally.
AELITA: Alright, I'll leave it to you two then. Audino and I will standby as backup.
HIPPOWDON: Hippo...!
HIPPOWDON: Hippppoo...
REN: And that's that.
AELITA: Poor thing... I wish it didn't have to be this way.
REN: Yeah... I wish...\c[6] Things could've been different.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: You can cry about it later.
HIPPOWDON: Hippow!!!!
Hippowdon looks really excited to see you for some reason...?
HIPPOWDON: Hippow!
It's a Bladestar Grunt Risa roughed up!
\PN looted the Grunt!
AELITA: Step one complete! Good job team!
REN: Yeah, Audino was the MVP this time around.
Sorry I didn't believe in you earlier.
AELITA: As a result, though, Audino is no longer in its mega form and I still can't use mega evolution...
So I'm not sure if Audino will be able to heal us as efficiently as she used to.
AELITA: It just means we just gotta be more careful.
Only four hours remain. We're at the final stretch.
Let's move!
AELITA: I'm sure that didn't exactly go so well, but it was necessary.
With step one complete, we can now continue on to the pyramid.
REN: Yeah. Only four hours remain. But we can do this.
AELITA: You're absolutely right, Ren. Let's go!
Yes
No
[Map578]
AELITA: There are a few paths we can take.
South is blocked off by rubble, and it looks like there's a bridge to the left.
If we're looking for a Pyramid, I doubt we'll be approaching the ocean.
REN: Yes. Besides, I know for a fact that the bridge doesn't lead to the pyramid.
AELITA: You do? How?
REN: Because across that bridge is Reldin Island.
The island where Xen HQ is located.
AELITA: X-Xen HQ?! Team Xen's base of operations...
If your base is here, then why didn't we just land there instead of Zone Zero?
REN: Couple of reasons.
The biggest reason being that, uh... This mission isn't exactly... authorized?
AELITA: This mission isn't authorized-- You mean Nastasia's breaking the rules by helping us out?
REN: Essentially, yes.
Madame X has no idea what we're doing right now, which is... um.
Dangerous.
AELITA: Yeah, no kidding!
REN: That being said, there's only one way left to go.
I'm going to hope that's where we have to go.
Despite being on Reldin Island often, I never actually leave the building much.
AELITA: One can only hope.
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
???: ...\PN!
AELITA: \PN, are you okay? What's going on?
REN: \PN's been acting weird lately. Especially around... these parts.
You doing okay?
REN: Oh! Well, that's good!
Really good, right Aelita?
AELITA: Of course! We're gonna need our mental strength to be good for what lies ahead.
AELITA: I feel that.
REN: Me too.
AELITA: Sigh... I'm exhausted.
Anyywayy...
REN: Those Bladestar grunts said they were heading towards the pyramid too.
AELITA: Right. We're stronger as a team. We can do this!
"To our dear friend, Ana. May you rest peacefully forever."
REN: Uh, hold on there, \PN. You remember what's ahead, right?
I found you unconscious here all the way back when.
Will you be okay this time around?
REN: Okay, in that case...
REN: I see... I'm sorry, but this is the only way to the pyramid. You must stay strong.
AELITA: What's this house doing all the way out here?
Sure!
Define "okay".
I'll be okay
I don't know...
[Map579]
GRUNT: There's no way I'm letting you pass this point.
You might be strong in other places, but you're on our turf now.
Get lost!
[Map580]
stop hacking and wait until you can actually get here ffs. - Jan
AELITA: Looks like we finally made it...
REN: Yeah, and Nastasia seems to have made quick work getting here too.
AELITA: If any more preparations need to be done, we should do them now.
How are you guys holding up?
REN: I don't really get tired that often in this body, so I'm good.
AELITA: Guess that's one perk of being an android.
REN: One of many. I keep asking Nastasia for a milkshake option.
But alas, even if I had such a feature, I wouldn't be able to enjoy it.
AELITA: Still would be cool for everyone else though!
Maybe we should all get milkshakes at Mika's Cafe when this is all over.
AELITA: I'd like that!\| I'm sure the others would too.
But we have to save them first, yes?
REN: Affirmative. \PN, when you're ready, meet us inside.
GRUNT: Nastasia and the others went inside. Go meet with her!
SCIENTIST: Are those pipes coming out of the ground?
Does this Pyramid have a plumbing system? Huh?
[Map581]
???: And what is HE doing here?
???: Will you two just get along? There's no need to fight...
ALEXANDRA: Ah \PN... My friend! How are you doing?
DAMIEN: There's no problem here. Adam wanted to leave, and now he's crawling back.
ADAM: I'm not crawling back. I'm here to help out my friends.
DAMIEN: Your new friends, I take it?
Also, why do you... look like that?
ADAM: They're my friends, but you're my friend too.
And I don't know why I look like this, I just do!
ALEXANDRA: Would you two stop acting like children and make up already?
DAMIEN: Not until he apologizes.
ADAM: I'm not apologizing.
ALEXANDRA: ...Sigh.
ALEXANDRA: Make up NOW yourselves or I'll FORCE you to!
Life is too short to stay mad at each other over inconsequential circumstances, and I REFUSE to let this continue any longer!
DAMIEN: W-Wait, alright, alright. Calm down, sis. I'll make up.
ADAM: Y-Yeah, no need to go all loco on us like that. We'll bury the hatchet!
ALEXANDRA: Yay! I knew you two could do it.
Now let's see it!
DAMIEN: S-See what?
ALEXANDRA: I want to see you two make up right here, right now.
And I want it to be genuine.
DAMIEN: Look, I guess I was being a little childish.
ADAM: Yeah, you were.
DAMIEN: ...
Truth is, I thought you just threw me away. I thought you didn't like us anymore.
ADAM: I didn't like what you were turning into. A guy hell-bent on revenge.
Besides, I wanted to go on a self-discovery journey, or whatever.
DAMIEN: Well, did you find yourself?
ADAM: Yeah, but I kinda had to turn into another person to do so.
DAMIEN: What does that mean?
ADAM: I'll tell you on the way out of here, bro.
DAMIEN: If that's what you want.
DAMIEN: S-Sounds good to me, bro. Where we goin'?
ADAM: Why don't we go chill outside?
DAMIEN: It's just sand outside, that's not cool, bro.
ADAM: Anywhere's cool with you there, bro.
DAMIEN: Bro...
ALEXANDRA: ...Sigh, and being violent just isn't fitting for me either.
But sometimes you gotta be assertive when you want things to go the way you want them to.
But I'm getting to Damien. He actually cooperated with a Team Xen Admin because I asked him to.
A year ago, he would've attacked without even asking any questions.
Oh, speaking of which! That Admin, Nastasia? She told me how you and Ren took care of that Rift.
That means I have to follow up with my promise and give you information on Nim.
Right now I'm waiting for everyone to move out of this area.
Once they do, Damien and I will do what we need to and return home to Sashila.
You're welcome to stop by and inquire all you need when we do.
???: Hey, Alexandra, wait!
REN: Sorry, I meant to give this to you a while ago.
But with all the chaos going on, I forgot to give it to you.
It was a letter Nymiera left me back in the past, but I think the bulk of it is meant for you.
ALEXANDRA: A letter... from Nymiera?
I see, thank you for delivering this to me. I'll read it immediately.
RYLAND: Greetings, you two.
REN: Ryland, you're awake!
RYLAND: Yes, that mystical spring made quick work of my recovery.
For that I am grateful, but I am also ashamed.
To think that I would attack two of my friends like that... It is shameful.
REN: Don't worry about it. Flora was controlling your actions.
RYLAND: But I was still conscious. I could see and process all of it.
I should have been strong enough to break free myself.
Instead, I couldn't, and almost costed you the lives of your friends.
REN: Everything worked out in the end, Ryland. It's okay.
Don't put the guilt on yourself.
Besides, Flora and Bladestar is finished.
We won't have to worry about them any longer.
RYLAND: I suppose you're right. No use staying in the past.
That being said, I would like to give both of you something for saving me.
\PN received the \c[1]Pyramid Point Badge!
RYLAND: As well as this TM.
REN: Awesome, thanks Ryland!
What are you going to do now?
RYLAND: Well, first, I'd like to speak with my brother again.
After that, I think I'll make my way to the top of the Pyramid and act as a guard.
Now that the Pyramid is open, I don't know if it can be closed.
That leaves something like the Jewel of Life open to anyone who desires it.
I cannot allow such an important artifact to be taken by anyone.
REN: That's a good idea. Will you be okay by yourself up there?
RYLAND: I'm no stranger to isolation. I spent most of my days alone at Alamissa.
This won't be different from that. Just with a better sense of purpose.
REN: Good luck out there, Ryland. We'll be rooting for you.
RYLAND: And I you.
REN: \PN, the others look like they're ready to awaken soon.
Let's greet them together!
No need to go this way yet!
\f[NP1_1]REN: Allen, we just need you to hold him off for a bit!
\f[NP1_1]I just need enough time to decipher the characters on this panel.
ALLEN: Heh, that's no problem.
Not only will I stall him for long enough, I'll destroy his precious machine companion!
ADMIN: I'd like to see you try!
What will Allen do? Current HP: ALLEN: \v[610] | ADMIN: \v[611]
Choose what move?
ALLEN: Have you had enough?
ALLEN: Fall!
ALLEN: Scared yet?
ALLEN: Light's Embrace!
Allen cloaks himself!
ALLEN: Humans using machines for evil... It's absolutely disgusting.
GRUNT: H-Hey, my mom bought this for me! Don't be rude!
Admin feels insulted!\n Attack Up! Defense Down!
ALLEN: And here I thought you'd be a worthy opponent! I suppose I was wrong!
ADMIN: ...
Admin feels insecure!\n Attack down! Defense up!
ALLEN: That last attack was actually quite impressive. Cape's off to you!
ADMIN: You think so? I was practicing quite a bit the other day, y'know...
Admin feels accomplished for once!\n Attack Down! Defense Up!
ALLEN: Yawn... Is this over yet?
ADMIN: P-Pay attention to me!
Admin feels ignored!\n Attack Up! Defense Down!
ALLEN: Ahahaha. Is that all, fiend?
ADMIN: Wh-What? My mech! It's... failing?!
My mom spent all of her life savings on this thing!
ALLEN: Should've spent that money on something better.
ADMIN: Hold on, w-we can talk about this!
ALLEN: Alright, I've heard about enough of this.
ADMIN: W-Wait, don't do anything crazy now!
Excelsior!
ALLEN: Ah! I see that I've bought those three enough time!
Excellent! I'm glad to be of service!
ADMIN: Aw.... What's wrong? Ran out of fuel?
That's what you get for trying to be a hero!!
GOODNIGHT!
MACHINE: WHAT? They got away? Aw well, whatever...
Maybe I'll go grab a donut or something.
GRUNT: Here I come!!
ADMIN: Here I come!!
ADMIN: DRILLS ENGAGE!
ADMIN: DRRILLLLZZZ!!
ADMIN: Ever been slashed across the face with a drill? Wanna volunteer?
ADMIN: How you're doing all of this is unknown to me...
ADMIN: Try outspeeding this attack!
ADMIN: Fear the light!
AUDINO: Audi! Audi!
No need to go back!
Can't go this way!
AELITA:\ts[1] *Huff* *Huff*...
AELITA: Next time, behave.
REN: Is... Is this a dead end?
AELITA: No, it can't be...
There's got to be a way to open this door!
Bladestar was able to get to the top of this place, right?
That means there has to be a way!
AELITA: Huh?\| \PN, are you okay?
The Normality Badge transformed!
AELITA: This key... Wasn't this one of the badges you had, \PN?
REN: That was a badge? Uh... I don't think I've ever seen this one before.
\PN explained where they got the Normality Badge.
REN: I see... Uh, that's a little weird.
AELITA: Based on those circumstances, does this badge even count?
REN: Badges have chips inside of them. As long as the chip is present, it should count, but...
AELITA: This badge is now a key.
REN: Yeah, but to where?
AELITA: Well, the key itself looks like that door, right?
REN: Should we try it out?
REN: I don't see a keyhole on this door... Not sure this is gonna work.
AELITA: There's gotta be something we can use this key for.
AELITA: Wait, there's a keyhole on this panel!
REN: Ah, then let's try using the key there!
\PN inserted the Enigmatic Key.
AELITA: Ah, that worked!
We can probably use this panel to open the door!
REN: Uh, maybe... Take a look at the monitor...
AELITA: These characters... They're the same as the one that we saw on that bomb outside!
REN: They vaguely resemble Unown. I think I'll be able to decipher them, but I'll need a bit of time.
???: So unfortunate that I won't give you any time!
ADMIN: Well, well, well! Looks like the trio finally made it to the Pyramid!
It's impressive, but I'm afraid this is as far as you'll go!
AELITA: You Bladestar goons just don't know when to quit!
GRUNT: But of course. After all,\c[6] this is Bladestar's final stand!
Once we're successful, our plans would become officially successful!
We now have the Jewel of Life in our possession!
REN: The Jewel of Life...! So Bladestar was the reason for the Spring's drainage!
ADMIN: Wasn't an intended occurrence. Merely a side effect of us taking the Jewel.
Anyway, that doesn't matter. I'll drill you three into oblivion!
REN: We're not going down without a fight!
ALLEN: How sickening... Siding with the machines? That's pathetic.
ADMIN: Eh? Who's this now?
ALLEN: You want an opponent? Then I shall be your obstacle!
ADMIN: Why should I care about what you have to say?
ALLEN: Oh? You must be afraid of me then? I thought you were a traitor, not a Farfetch'd!
GRUNT: OI.
GRUNT: What did you just call me?!
ALLEN: Ah, did that ruffle your feathers? Rustle your jimmies?
Good! I want a good fight from you! All will fall to justice's hand!
ADMIN: DRILL POWERRRRR!!!
DELPHA: Everyone's at the Spring. I think I'm gonna stay here and think about our next move.
Lavender saved me, and this time I'll save her.
AELITA: It's a good thing \PN had that badge on them or we would've been ruined.
REN: Yeah, and thanks to Allen we didn't have to deal with that Bladestar Grunt.
\C[1]ANNOUNCER: Hello, and welcome to Eclysia Pyramid!
AELITA: That announcer again!
\C[1]ANNOUNCER: Thank you for choosing Eclysia Pyramid as your destination!
\C[1]We are happy to announce that you are our 59th, 60th, and 61st visitors of the day!
REN: Three more people have entered...
AELITA: Probably some more Bladestar morons.
Let's not shift our focus.
HUEY: Hey guys, what's up?
AELITA: Reina, Huey?! What are you guys doing here?!
REINA: Nastasia said she was getting tired of us doing nothing so she sent us as backup!
HUEY: So we'll be here as your formal bodyguards!
REN: ...
Sounds like she's just trying to get rid of you two.
REINA: Yup! Now we're here!
Speaking of which, it took us like 3 seconds to get here! You guys are uber slow!
REN: We had to go through a lot to get here! You probably just walked on by because we already solved everything.
HUEY: Probably!
AELITA: I guess that's good...
REN: By the way, did anything weird happen down by the Spring?
REINA: Mm... Nothing out of the ordinary, why?
AELITA: Using the power of the Unown, Allen and Alice are running around like nothing happened to them!
REINA: Oh... Yeah, Unown are mischievous beings.
I read a book about how this girl from Johto turned her mansion into a palace of crystal because of them!
Unown are to be feared when in large numbers, that's a fact.
AELITA: Yeah, no kidding...
HUEY: Speak of the devil... I think I see Alice right now!
AELITA: Huh?
Oh, I do see her!
REN: I wonder what she's up to? Last time I made her a little upset.
REINA: Oh boy, what did you do this time?
REN: Nothing. All I said was that I didn't want to play around.
AELITA: In any case, we need to go check up on her.
HUEY: Alice!
ALICE: ...
REN: Alice?
ALICE: Yay, you guys were so cool!
Seeing you go through that puzzle I created just for you was so amazing!
ALICE: That room before? That was a room made by my friends!
After you guys got done with it, I did away with it.
AELITA: Well that would explain how Huey and Reina got here so fast...
REN: So what you're saying is that you wasted our time?
ALICE : Wasted your time? Huh? But we were playing...
Oh yeah... you were the one who didn't want to play... That's such a shame.
That's fine, though! I'm done playing with you all!
It was fun, but I wanna play with new characters now!
AELITA: Alice... What are you doing?
ALICE: This was the time I was going to reveal I was the real leader behind Team Trappus...
But Ren is so disinterested, it's almost not even worth doing anymore...
Oh well! Your characters are starting to bore me anyway. I need something new and fresh.
REINA: Literally what are you even talking about?
ALICE: Bleh... Please pay attention!
Father gave me a single role, and that was to write my own story here inside of the Unown Dimension.
\c[6]"Keep your sister and brother occupied with your vivid imagination."
REN: Inside the Unown Dimension...? Does she think she's inside some alternate reality?
REINA: U-Um, a side effect of being in the presence of Unown is that you lose sight of what's real and what's not.
So it's possible this crazy bitch thinks we're not real!
ALICE: Ever since our sister Eriena escaped the Unown Dimension, I've been writhed in despair.
I've failed father with one task... I can't fail him again.
So I've decided to kill off all my characters before they reach a fulfilling arc!
That way things can stay interesting! Thank you all for playing with me!
ALLEN: Sister, have you gone mental?!
ALICE: Allen, what are you doing?!
Why are you interfering with my script?! My world?!
ALLEN: You're threatening our friends! How could I not interfere?!
ALICE: Where is the Ninetales I gave you? Why aren't you using my Pokemon?!
ALLEN: What does it matter? Stop messing around, Alice.
ALICE: Sigh... I knew this would happen.
ALLEN: What? Explain yourself.
ALICE: I knew you'd deviate from my design the moment you gained any freedom.
\c[6]That's why I assigned you a personality in the Unown Dimension.
Back then we shared one entity. I could control what you did, what you said...
I controlled the conflict, the narrative... It was so easy, but...!
Ever since we were transported here, you just won't listen to what I say anymore.
ALLEN: My... personality was controlled by you?
Th-That's not right. I remember making every decision myself. Every word I-
ALICE: That was just my influence, but now you don't have any of that!
Your "heroic" character was supposed to always have Alolan-Ninetales by his side.
But here you are running around by yourself-- Commanding the Unown as if you are their leader!
Father left me the Unown, and only me!
ALICE: You just never listen to me anymore. Even back when we were one.
Ever since The Puppet Master expelled us to this world, you've changed.
ALLEN: "Changed"? No, I think I've just been able to be myself for once!
If you're not going to play by the rules I've laid out, then you are of no use to me!\| Begone!
ALLEN: Aghhhh!!
AELITA: Everyone, you move on ahead. I'll take care of Alice.
HUEY: But-
AELITA: We have to get to the top of the Pyramid and stop Bladestar from escaping with the Jewel of Life!
If Alice wants to be difficult, then I'll be difficult too!
ALICE: Who said I'll let the others pass?
AELITA: I didn't say you would. I'm letting them pass.
ALICE: This isn't how my story goes!
AELITA: Who doesn't love a twist ending?
Ren, \PN, you two can do this. Huey, Reina, please support them in any way you can.
REN: Are you sure you'll be okay?
AELITA: I'll be fine. I didn't come this far just to lose here.
REN: Yeah. I'll put my trust in you then.
AUDINO: Audi!
AELITA: Thank you, Audino. You're always there for me!
REN: Everyone, let's move.
AELITA: Shall we begin then, Alice?
ALICE: Hm... It's strange. Whenever you speak, it feels like...
It feels like somehow you're not alone. It's intimidating.
AELITA: It's because I'm not alone!
I have my loved ones and my Pokemon with me!
That's why I know I won't lose!
ALICE: Very well! Let's see how this "twist ending" plays out, Aelita!
Yay! You and I are going to have so much fun! Let's go somewhere more fun!
REINA: Do you think Aelita will be okay?
REN: She's a strong person. She'll make it.
HUEY: Huh... So like... is it just me, or did it get really dark all of a sudden?
REINA: Yeah, but you can still kinda see.
It's sorta like when you arrive 10 minutes too late for a movie and it's really dark, but you can still kinda see if you focus hard enough.
HUEY: Or when you go to a really fancy restaurant and they dim the lights so that no one can see the empty calories they consume.
REN: Can you two chill out for like...\| 3 minutes?\| Thanks.
REINA/HUEY: Aye aye, Captain!
REN: Things are brightening up a bit... I think...?\ts[1] Wait... what?
ALEXANDRA: That letter Ren gave me. It brought up something very concerning.
But we'll talk all about that later.
AELITA: Don't worry about me, \PN. Once I regain Vivian's memories, I'll return to Grand Dream City.
For now, be safe.
GRUNT: I'd like to see you try!
What will Allen do?
AELITA: So this is Eclysia Pyramid? This place looks...
Exactly how I thought it would, actually. Everything checks out!
REN: Yeah, and if those reports from Nastasia came out correct...
That means that the Spring of Rejuvenation should be on the bottom floor.
So we gotta look for stairs going-
\C[1]???: Hello, and welcome to Eclysia Pyramid!
AELITA: H-Huh? What's that?
\c[1]ANNOUNCER: Thank you for choosing Eclysia Pyramid as your destination!
\c[1]We are happy to announce that you are our 56th, 57th, and 58th visitor of the day!
\c[1]If you're looking for the Spring of Rejuvenation, please head straight!
\c[1]If you're interested in visiting our Skydeck, please make the next right!
\c[1]Once again, thank you for choosing Eclysia Pyramid and have a wonderful day!
AELITA: I didn't just imagine that, right?
REN: No, you definitely didn't.
AELITA: That was weird... We're in a pyramid, not a super market!
What's with the announcer?
REN: I get that that's rhetorical, but also, I have absolutely no idea.
AELITA: And it only counted three of us. Why not all four?
REN: We can talk about it later over those milkshakes, yes?
AELITA: Yeah, back on track. C'mon!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Fight
Block
Taunt
Wind Slash
Unown Buster
Extremespeed
More
Light's Embrace
Back
[Map582]
(MELIA: ...Huh?\| Ugh my head hurts...
Man, talk about deja vu... This really, really sucks.
MELIA: Amanda...?
Oh good... Why am I not surprised? She took my Pokemon too.
Of course, this is how things always go.
What a mess I'm in... once again.
You think you have me in a corner? I have something you're not prepared for, Amanda.)
MELIA: \ts[1]Aaaauuughhh!!!
AMANDA: Don't even think about using that power. It won't work.
MELIA: H-How do you... How do you know about that?!
AMANDA: Just sit still and behave.
MELIA: Answer, me... How do you know about my power?!
Just who are you, really?
AMANDA: ...
MELIA: Amanda, why are you doing this? We've known each other for so long...
I thought we were friends?
MELIA: Tch... Fine. It's a waste of time holding onto friends that don't give a damn about you.
So which is it then?
AMANDA: Excuse me?
MELIA: Are you with Team Xen? Perhaps even Bladestar?
You took trips to Grand Dream City all the time.
I wouldn't be surprised if that were the case.
AMANDA: That doesn't concern you. I'm not part of Bladestar.
???: Oh and would you look at that?\| I don't remember you being with us either!
MELIA: Madelis?!
MADELIS: Don't just stand there! C'mon!
MADELIS: I believe these belong to you.
MELIA: My Pokemon...! Thank you!
I'm actually really glad to see you right now!
MADELIS: I mean, why wouldn't you be? My beauty is just that captivating, of course!
MELIA: Looks like things didn't go your way this time, Amanda.
AMANDA: It's not over yet.
MADELIS: Oh? That's bold of you. Fighting one on two?
Seems like you have a marvelous amount of confidence.
MELIA: I'm ready to break that confidence if you are.
MADELIS: Hmm... I have work I need to do, but you know what? I think it's time for a me day.
Breaking confidence is what I LIVE for.
MELIA: Togekiss, let's go!
MADELIS: Houndoom, take her out!
Losing means nothing.
MADELIS: Aww, what's wrong? Feeling a little overwhelmed?
I mean, of course you couldn't match our brilliance~!
We're top notch, one of a kind! Well, at least I am.
MELIA: You done gloating? We won so let's just leave.
MADELIS: And then what? Let her walk around again? There's no way.
She's coming with us one way or another.
MELIA: What are we gonna do with her then? Let's just go get the police.
She has no Pokemon left. There's nothing else she can do to harm us.
MADELIS: I... suppose you're right.
MELIA: Besides, I need to get to Grand Dream City ASAP!
MADELIS:\| Listen, about that-
MADELIS: Wow, we're not good at this.
MELIA: Not good at all... Actually, this is making me rethink my life choices.
MADELIS: At least you have a choice in the matter. Cherish that.
MELIA: Should we run?
MADELIS: Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.
MELIA: Grrkgh...
AMANDA: I said you're not getting away.
MADELIS: What the...? What are you?!
???: Do not fear, I am here! Huheuhehu!
MELIA: Huff... Huff...
MADELIS: Am I going insane? What's even happening anymore?
???: Not insane! Just a witness to one of my greatest inventions!
MELIA: Huff... Huff... Erick...? You're here too?
Uh... In that case, do you know where "here" is?
ERICK: Huh? You don't know where you are?
You're at Ignis Ironworks, West Gearen.
MELIA: We're all the way at West Gearen?! How long have I been out for?!
SAKITRON: Hehe hehe hehe.
SAKITRON: That wench was nothing for the supreme Sakitron!
All who get in my way shall be pulverized into smoothie dust!
\ts[1]Hehe hehe hehe Hehe hehe hehe Hehe hehe hehe Hehe hehe hehe-
...\|Eh?
Is that her hat? What a lame hat. Disgusting!
AMANDA: I... sa..ZZZRrrrtTT you're.! Aevium League! wELCOME!
MELIA: Uhhhh.......
AMANDA: Welcome all to the Aevium- KRZZRRT... ZRRT...
Ahahahaa...
It's not over, Melia. Our roles aren't finished yet.
MELIA: Madelis, a-are you sure she isn't with you?
MADELIS: There's absolutely no way.
This girl's on a level of her own.
AMANDA: You couldn't just sit still and behave.
Now I have to resort to doing something I just really didn't want to do.
ERICK: Everyone, stay back! Sakitron will take care of this!
MADELIS: What can that scrap of metal do?!
ERICK: Just you wait and see! Sakitron was also made for combat!
SAKITRON: Yes, I will send this demon back wence she came!
Battle mode, initializing!
SAKITRON: ZZzrrtt...
E-Er-rick...Zzzrt...
ERICK: N-No!!! Sakitron!
AMANDA: Don't grieve for such a worthless contraption.
As I said before, this result was decided before the battle began.
MELIA: Why are you doing this?!
AMANDA: You asked me that question before and I didn't answer then.
So why should I pity you now?
MADELIS: Here's an idea. How about we just use our Pokemon to destroy you?
Assuming this blue-haired twerp has a full team, we have 18 to run you over with.
MADELIS: That's what I thought. So if you would be so kind and answer the girl? She asked you a question.
AMANDA: Your threats mean nothing to me, but I shall humor you.
I'm doing this because that was my design. It's the reason why I was created.
The reasoning is nothing more complicated than that.
MELIA: Your only purpose was to keep me captive? There has to be more!
AMANDA: But of course. Why would my creator create me to look like this girl? What benefits would they acquire this way?
MELIA: The league!
AMANDA: That's correct! Amanda co-owns the Pokemon League Administration in this region.
Haven't you ever wondered why the League is so poorly ran?
Why do you think the Fairy, and Dark leaders are still unavailable?
Why it took so long for the Normal Leader to replace you?
Why I chose such a mediocre and talentless trainer to replace Aelita at Sheridan Village?
Every change that's been done has been overwritten and modified by me.
MELIA: But you still haven't answered my question.
Why are you doing this? What's the end goal?!
AMANDA: All of this,\c[6] is of course, to reverse Celine's plan.
MELIA: Celine...?
AMANDA: To gain control. That's our end goal.
When my creators believe it is time for them to shine, the League won't be able to do anything about it.
And that's because the damage I've done would have rendered them useless!
MADELIS: My lord... How long has this been going on?
AMANDA: Heh...\c[6] Shortly before \v[12] returned to the region.
MELIA: \v[12]...? Wait, what do you mean "returned"?!
Is this not \v[12]'s first time in Aevium?
AMANDA: I'm sorry, but that's enough questions for today.
I only need one of you. The rest can-
SAKITRON:\ts[2] N-No...!
AMANDA: Wh-What?! I thought...?
ERICK: S-Sakitron?!
SAKITRON:\ts[1] I... Zzzrt... Won't let you... Zrrrrt... Hur-t my... friends.
ERICK: Sakitron, wait. Let me help! I can help!
SAKITRON:\ts[1] I-It's... Zrr... Okay! E-Erick...!
\ts[1]This... Is what I-I want!
\ts[1]Th-Thank you for ZZRRTT... Being my-- Friend.
MELIA: Erick we have to go now!
ERICK: No!
ERICK: Let go of me! \| Sakitron don't do it!
MELIA: I'm... I'm so sorry, Erick.
MADELIS: It's not worth getting obliterated for a piece of metal, let's go!
SAKITRON:\ts[1] Hehehe...
AMANDA:\ts[2] Nooooooooo!!!
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: So, Melia! How about you control Sakitron?
\f[NP3_1]MELIA: Wh-What?! I don't know how to use this thing!
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: Hey, it's easy! Besides, I need other people to do some quick beta testing!
\f[NP3_1]MELIA: I hardly feel like this is the appropriate time, but fine.
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: Need me to give you the run down?
\f[NP3_1]MELIA: Yeah, some help would be appreciated.
\f[NP4_2]ERICK: Okie. Well, it's super easy!
\f[NP4_2]Sakitron was designed to take a ton of hits, so she has 800 HP.
\f[NP4_1]She also has four moves, just like a normal Pokemon would!
\f[NP4_2]And because \PN gathered so much data on Sakitron, all attacks will do the more than usual!
\f[NP3_1]MELIA: \PN gathered data on Sakitron?
\f[NP4_2]Yep! They house sat Saki's old house and accidentally set off the alarm or something.
\f[NP4_1]Sorta dangerous for them, but because of it, we'll be better off here!
\f[NP3_2]MELIA: Ah, I see. That was so nice of them! Remind me to thank them later.
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: Will do!
\f[NP4_1]Despite that, though, \c[6]attacks will do more or less damage depending on what Amanda's planning.
\f[NP4_1]Make sure you pay attention to what she's saying and avoid using any attacks that she might be prepared for.
\f[NP4_1]But on the flipside, when she prepares for one attack, that might mean she leaves herself open to another.
\f[NP4_1]Attacks that she isn't prepared for will cause a \c[6]critical hit.
\f[NP4_1]You'll know when you got a critical hit, cuz a familiar sound will play~!
\f[NP4_1]Each move does damage, but they're sorta circumstantial.
\f[NP4_1]Depending on what the enemy's preparing for, the attack will do more or less.
\f[NP4_1]Also if you want, you could block as well. That'll cut some of the damage you take in half.
\f[NP4_1]And lastly, when either side loses all their HP, the opposite side will \c[6]unleash their finisher ability!
\f[NP4_1]If either side gets that going, it's uh... Over. So yeah, be careful.
\f[NP3_1]MELIA: Got it, I'll do my best!
\f[NP5_1]MADELIS: Just fight already!
\f[NP3_1]MELIA: Don't worry, I got this!
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: Okie! Good luck!
What will Sakitron do?
Choose what move?
Amanda's EMP disabled this attack!
SAKITRON: Delicious.
SAKITRON: Initiating Saki Tank Engine!!!!
ENGAGE!
SAKITRON: Tee hee hee...
Sakitron goes into a defensive position!
SAKI: Your mother smells like the underside of a Garbodor!
AMANDA: It's not true...
Amanda feels insulted!\n Attack Up! Defense Down!
SAKI: I bet you can't even tie your own shoe laces! You dummy idiot!
AMANDA: I can too...
Amanda feels defensive!\n Attack down! Defense up!
SAKI: Your hair looks nice today! Did you get it done?
AMANDA: Thanks... I work hard keeping up appearances.
Amanda feels loved and cared for!\n Attack Down! Defense Up!
SAKI: Just shut your shitty mouth you shitty robot!
AMANDA: Gghh...
Amanda feels insecure!\n Attack Up! Defense Down!
SAKI: Your mom never loved you, you stupid robot binch!
AMANDA: KKkrrzT... zZZrrt...I... C-CKKK.. Go on... Krzzzt...
Warning, bodily functions fading. Seek user: Z- KRRTTTTZZZ...
AMANDA: You all... got... lucky...
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: Sakitron, ult her away and finish this!
SAKITRON: Aye-aye! Ulting!
SAKITRON: Saki Drill!!!!!!
AMANDA: Wait...
SAKITRON: M-Malfunctioning... Too much damage...!
\f[NP4_1]ERICK: O-Oh no! Sakitron!
AMANDA: Ahaha... Don't you see? This outcome was decided at the very beginning.
AMANDA: Goodbye, Sakitron.
AMANDA: This is the end for you!!!
AMANDA: Why won't you give up?!
AMANDA: Fall!
AMANDA: All patched up.
AMANDA: EMP!
Amanda disabled Saki Hammer for 3 turns!
Amanda disabled Saki Bash for 3 turns!
Amanda disabled Saki Topple for 3 turns!
Amanda disabled Saki Tank for 3 turns!
AMANDA: You won't be able to win. How much more need I hammer that idea into your head?!
AMANDA: I'll bash you to pieces!
AMANDA: Now... Just how are you going to top this move?
AMANDA: You aren't prepared... None of you are prepared...
Amanda's readying her special attack!
Amanda's EMP wore off!
\f[NP4_2]And because \PN gathered so much data on Sakitron, all attacks will do more than usual!
What will Sakitron do? Current HP:\n SAKITRON: \v[610] | AMANDA: \v[611]
AMANDA: Krrzzt....%%^&&&&&.... But- %%%^^^@@##$...
MELIA: We've beaten you, Amanda. It's over.
MADELIS: Can we even call this monstrosity "Amanda"?
ERICK: No... This isn't her. I'm sure of that.
Heh... Does it matter if I were the real thing or not?
Make no mistake, I am nothing more than a fabrication. A decoy.
MADELIS: Who made you? What was your purpose?
AMANDA: Isn't that- KRRZZTT... C-Clear already?
What other KrrRR%%^^ purpose could one like Amanda have?####
MELIA: You're referring to the league's management, right?!
AMANDA: Ever w-$$$ondered why things always seemed so shoddy? In shambles?
Why some KRRT positions were never re-filled. Why some leaders weren't ava%%%ilable.
Every decision ever made in regard to the league's status were%%%%%%
O-Oh-Welcome to the-$$$$-Overwritten by me. KRRZZZTTT.
ERICK: What could you gain out of doing something like that?!
AMANDA: C-Control th-the power of the Region.
Undo... \c[5]$$\c[2]$$%\c[3]%%'s\c[6] plan...
To put the pieces %%%##@@ in the $$$%^*** right place...
So when our time comes... Resistance- Krzzzzt... Disorganization... Chaos...
MELIA: How long has this been going on for? Tell me that!
\c[6]Shortly before \v[12] arrived in this region.
MADELIS: \v[12]...?
Shortly before the sinking of the S.S. Oceana then?
AMANDA: Their return signaled the beginning of our plans.
MELIA: ...What do you mean by their "return"?
Are you saying that \v[12]'s been to Aevium before?!
AMANDA: Hehe-ZrrrrZZZtt... Sorry, but I've said%%%%History of the Aevi- Zrrtt@#$$% Enough!!
MELIA: Amanda!
AMANDA: When all the pieces fall into place, our time will come!
My defeat and destruction was destined from the very beginning, too.
All of us are just stepping stones for an even greater destiny!
And when your time comes too, Melia.\| Only then will you understand.
Ahahaahaha...
\ts[1]AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH@@@@@ %%%%%^6-
MELIA: ...
ERICK: Let's leave. Staying here will make us feel worse.
MELIA: ...Yeah.
Yes please...
I got this.
Fight
Block
Taunt
Saki Hammer
Saki Bash
Saki Topple
More
Saki Tank Engine
Back
[Map583]
REINA: Looks like you guys made it after all!
REN: Yeah, it took a bit of work, but we came around.
SHARON: I wouldn't celebrate just yet. There's a problem.
REN: Problem? What problem?
ELI: I believe you may want to speak to Nastasia about that! It's very horrifying.
SHARON: Eli... You know what? You do you, Eli.
HUEY: But yeah, um. You should go speak with Nastasia. It's kinda serious.
REN: Nastasia, what's the-\| Oh...
REN: The spring... it's... it's completely dried out!
AELITA: But I don't... This can't be real!
AELITA: What are we supposed to do now that the spring is dry?!
NASTASIA: ...
REN: Nastasia, please say something! What do we do now?
NASTASIA: Okay, I'll say something:\| Be quiet!
I'm trying to think... \|Because... \|Because for once I don't know where to go from here!
REN: Ah...
NASTASIA: Seeing as the other two springs are functional-- I didn't anticipate this outcome.
But it was naive of me to think that this wouldn't be a possible result.
AELITA: Maybe there's a way to get the spring back up and running again?
There must be a way!
And looking at the pod's stasis timer, we only have an hour and a half left.
An hour and a half to search this entire Pyramid head to toe.
We would need a miracle to-
???: Do you see this water, Adrest? It's different. Can you tell?
ADREST: It... certainly looks cleaner than the waters you see above ground.
???: That's right. This water holds healing properties that humanity deemed impossible to exist.
\c[6]But because of the material we've gathered from that meteorite, the impossible is now possible.
We've refined its contents and created an object we're labeling\c[6] The Jewel of Life.
ADREST: Ah, so we've come up with a name for it then?
Where is it being held?
???: We've constructed this pyramid specifically to maintain the spring.
But the Jewel is being held on the Skyview. Which is on the highest level.
Remove the Jewel, and the spring will stop running.
ADREST: B-But why would we want to remove the Jewel in the first place?
???: ...
With this spring, we'll be able to live here together, for a long, long time.
Immortality, in theory, could be in reach. As long as we stay in contact with the spring.
But there will come a time where us as humans are ready to move on.
And when that fated day comes, the Jewel will be removed.
ADREST: Mother...
ADREST: F-Forgive me, ma'am. I meant, Veriya.
VERIYA: Heheheh... It's okay, Adrest.
It was nice... To finally hear you call me Mother.
\c[3]???: As you have already concluded, the spring has been drained.
REN: \PN...?
AELITA: But that voice...\| It's different.
\c[3]???: I realize this may be quite strange, but I'm going to need you all to listen to me.
\c[3]The spring can be reactivated. There's still time.
\c[3]On the highest level there is a room called the Skyview.
\c[3]All we must do is re-insert the Jewel into the pillar there.
\c[3]Once that's done, the spring will flow once more.
\c[3]But it's a long journey to the top. We must make our way there immediately.
REN: I... uh...
NASTASIA: If that's the case, then you three will make your way to the top.
REN: But Nastas-
NASTASIA: I don't want to hear it. We're at rock bottom.
Do as \PN says and get to the Skyview.
AELITA: Yes ma'am!
REN: Affirmative!
I don't know who, or what you are, but I'll figure it out.
Until then, we have work to do.
So get to it, yes?
UNOWN: Gurieee!
(ALICE:\ts[1] Ah... My friends...\| Do you want to play again?
\ts[1]Yes... Let's play together! Just like old times...!
GRUNT: Hm... The soil here still feels damp. Maybe the spring only recently shut off?
???: Blegh... That water's so salty and gross...
REN: Meli- \|huh?
???: You mind not crowding me? It's a little much.
REN: W-Wah! That's not Melia!
NASTASIA: ...Excuse me? Who the hell is that?
AELITA: That's... not Melia, that's... Erin!! It's Erin!!
AELITA: Erin... I was so worried... I thought I lost you for good!
ERIN: H-Huh...? Aelita... Where am I?
AELITA: It's okay now, you're gonna be okay...
ERIN: That's right... I was in that explosion back at the Grand Dream Ball.
I remember right when that happened, \c[6]a bright golden light appeared.
I think that light shielded me, and I think...\| \c[6]That light came from me.
But if I was caught in that explosion, then what am I doing here?
AELITA: A bunch of us came together to save you.
\PN, Reina, Huey, Ren, and a bunch of others.
ERIN: They all... Did that for me?
AELITA: But of course we did, Erin. We love you!
ERIN: ...!
REN: Sorry, but I have no idea who this girl is. She's also a friend of yours?
???:\c[6] She's my sister.
MELIA: That girl...\| Is my sister.
REN: Melia!
AELITA: S-Sister?! Melia, what are you on about?!
MELIA: Isn't that right, Erin?
ERIN: ...
Yeah.
AELITA: Please explain because I'm about to pass out.
MELIA: It happened back at the Blakeory Athenaeum.
ERIN: That bond we shared... It was a memory.
It was so vivid, yet so vague... I couldn't make it out and I couldn't see her, but...
MELIA: I don't know why I'm so sure of it, but that was our mother.
ERIN: There's no evidence of this other than that moment, but...
MELIA: Erin, you were talking about a golden light earlier, right?
ERIN: Yeah, I remember something like that happening during the blast.
MELIA: I wonder... If that's the same thing that happened to me in the alternate world.
NASTASIA: ...Hmph.
AELITA: Melia has a sister? Erin has a sister?!
You guys are related?? My head is about to explode!
ERIN: Ergh... Your head? Mine already feels like it exploded. I'm... so dizzy.
MELIA: You still must be exhausted from all of this. Let's take you outside.
Um, actually, Aelita, could you escort Erin out? I'd like to talk to Ren for a sec.
AELITA: Of course.
REN: ...
MELIA: Uh... hey.
REN: Um, hey.
MELIA: Listen, I just wanted to tell you that...\| I'm sorry.
REN: What? You're sorry?
MELIA: Delpha told me everything you've done to try and save me.
Or at least, tried to save someone you thought was me.
And Reina and Huey told me everything you've done to help up to this point.
I wanted to say sorry, because I never gave you a chance to explain yourself all the way back at the Wetlands.
I was dumb, and a terrible friend.
I still don't know why you're part of Team Xen, but I... trust your motives.
REN: Thanks Melia, that means a lot.
MELIA: Friends?
REN: Friends.
REN: By the way... Who is Delpha?
MELIA: Oh, boy... It's kind of a long story.
Locked.
NASTASIA: What are you still doing here? Follow your own instructions and get to the highest level.
GRUNT: If the spring only just recently turned off, that means we can fix it!
AELITA: Alice, Allen! You two are okay too!
ALLEN: Yeah, we're alright thanks to you guys.
REINA: It was no problem! Besides the time Alice tried to kill us.
ALLEN: Speaking of which, Alice would like to say something.
ALICE: Yes... I wanted to apologize for how I acted earlier.
It was wrong of me to think the way I did. I treated everyone as disposable things.
I did not realize the gravity of my actions and I'm sorry.
AELITA: No need to worry! As long as you realize what you've done was wrong, it's fine.
ALICE: I do. I'll work hard to atone for what I've done.
But I will do what I must to do so. I promise you that.
ERIN: Sounds like it's water under the bridge. No need to worry about it.
Anyway, Alice... Mind if I ask you a question?
ALICE: Oh?
ERIN: You called me Eriena in the elevator back at the Grand Dream Ball.
Why?
ALLEN: Huh? You mean you don't know?
ALICE: Erin, there used to be three of us in the Unown Dimension.
Me, Allen, and our sister, Eriena.
MELIA: Huh??
ALLEN: It's true. We were all trapped there by our father.
He made Alice believe that everything around her was fake.
AELITA: Which is why she was causing us trouble on the floors above...
Wait, Melia, Erin... Didn't you two say that you two are sisters as well?!
ALLEN: What...? Melia? But how do you know that?
ALICE: If that's true, then I should be able to tell.
I've lived on the sides of light and dark for so long that I can sense things others can't.
One of them being the bonds between people and Pokemon.
ALICE: Please give me your hands, Melia.
MELIA: O-Okay.
ALICE: Okay, let's see...
ALICE: O-Oh my... I feel something!
ALLEN: You feel something? Is it a connection?
ALICE: Yes... I can... I can!
REINA: Whoa... What's this? A light show?
REN: This is not normal.
ERIN: Hey, careful!
ERIN: Huh?
ALLEN: Hey, Alice, maybe we shouldn't...
AELITA: Guys!
ALEXANDRA: It cannot be... That insignia!
ERIN: What the fuck just happened?
MELIA: I don't know, but I feel... really weak.
This feeling... It's the same feeling I had back at Kristiline...
I...
ALICE: Oh dear...!
ERIN: I don't know, but she's running a fever.
NASTASIA: Bring her a vial of the Spring's water. That should heal her up.
Huey, that's your job.
HUEY: O-Okay!
MELIA: That Spring really does work! I feel completely fine now!
REN: Melia, what was that bright light? Why did you four... Uh, do whatever that was.
MELIA: I don't know... But it must be connected to that "light" Madame X told me I had.
ERIN: I haven't got a clue either.
ALLEN: I've got nothin'.
ALICE: I also have no answers. This is the first time something like this has happened to both Allen and I.
ALEXANDRA: The symbol you four made was the symbol of the\c[6] Archetype.
REN: Oh... I remember Nymiera telling us about that.
It was a sacred object created by Arceus as it went into its coma-like state.
ALEXANDRA: Yes, that's correct.
Which is why I'm concerned. Why did you guys form that symbol?
MELIA: We... We really don't know.
ALEXANDRA: ...
NASTASIA: You know what? I think it's time you've all left.
MELIA: What?
NASTASIA: We've accomplished what we set out to do and that's it.
Our truce is officially null and void.
Which means we're not working together anymore.
REN: Nastasia... Why are you-
NASTASIA: Ren, I believe there was one other pod besides Geara's on the ship.
Get some of the grunts and bring it back here.
REN: But-
NASTASIA: Now, Ren.
REN: Got it.
Sorry guys, I'll see you all later.
MELIA: Bye Ren...
ERIN: Just what are you hiding?
NASTASIA: Excuse me?
ERIN: You can't fool me. You're just deflecting.
You know why we made that symbol, don't you?
So then, why don't you explain it to us?
NASTASIA: I don't have to explain anything. You just have to do what I tell you and leave.
AELITA: I'm not leaving until I've used the Spring myself!
That's part of the reason why I came with you, Nastasia. You know that.
NASTASIA: Then wait outside and wait your turn just like Miss Alexandra over there.
AELITA: ...
ALEXANDRA: Let's go everyone. No point in fighting over this.
We'll leave, but this isn't over.
NASTASIA: Get out.
ADAM: Ahahah, I'm Adam Might! Just tell the person in charge here that I'm here and this'll all be solved!
GRUNT: Get going already!
HUEY: Can you guys restore the spring? You gotta!
GRUNT: Get going already!\| We're twins so we say the same thing!
ELI: Wow! This is just horrible! Completely and utterly horrible! A shame. 0/19!
SHARON: It's out of 10, not 19.
ELI: 0/10!
SHARON: Hey good job, and all that. You're really something, you know?
Not sure what, but something, regardless.
SHARON: If you guys need backup, please don't. I don't feel like walking up a pyramid today.
NASTASIA: I wouldn't worry about time. We've got plenty of that now.
\f[NP1_1]REN: Huh? I don't understand? What about the pod's internal battery?
NASTASIA: Yeah, those actually ran out earlier than expected, but...
It seems like we've gotten help from some unexpected people.
DAMIEN: Tell me why I'm helping out Team Xen scum again?
ALEXANDRA: Because in this case, we're doing the right thing!
DAMIEN: Yeah, yeah, but this is the only time.
ALEXANDRA: Heh, that's fine with me!
REINA: You guys got an idea, right? Please be careful!
ELI: Everything is okay now! I'm glad we were able to be successful in our endeavors!
[Map584]
CORSOLA: Cors...
AUDINO: Audi! Audi!
SHARON: What are you doing talking to me? Get up there!
REINA: So uh... This is a problem.
REN: There's...\| so many of them.
HUEY: I know we're backup, but we're not really packin' in the power department!
REINA: Yeah, and besides...
Those Corsola are carrying knives!
CORSOLA: CORSAAAA!
REINA: I've seen PokeTv. I know what Corsola are capable of...
GRUNT: Scared? Intimidated? You should be!
GRUNT2: We are the final wall between you and our Leader!
We've been ordered to keep you guys at bay no matter what!
So if you'd like to get to the top and save your precious Jewel of Life...
You'll have to go through every single one of us!
REN: \PN, we can do this!
REINA: We're not strong, but we'll do our best too!
HUEY: Yeah!
AUDINO: Audi!
It's no wonder you guys got so far. You're strong!
Bladestarrrrrr!!!!
REN: Alright, who's next?
HUEY: Yeah, you guys got numbers, but we got an Audino!
REINA: Man, that's the stuff! I'm just raring to go!
\c[2]ANNOUNCER: Alert! Alert! Hostile environment detected!
\c[2]Further misconduct will result in immediate eradication!
REN: I-Immediate eradication?!
GRUNT3: Sooner or later that Audino is going to be too tired to heal you guys!
GRUNT4: Will you be able to survive? We'll just have to find out!
HUEY: B-But what about the sirens? Is it okay to fight again?
REN: We have no choice! Here they come!
Incredible...
Wait, can we do this again? I wasn't paying attention...
AUDINO: Audi...
REN: Oh no... Audino's already too tired to heal us.
REINA: Oh yay! We're gonna die!
GRUNT3: Ahaha, what did we tell you? It's all over!
GRUNT3: Hrk... Well, whatever, it's fine.
\c[2]ANNOUNCER: Final warning shall be issued.
\c[2]Further misconduct will result in immediate eradication.
The pretty colorsss!
Okay so I know that battle was serious and all, but the floating shapes are sooo cool!
REINA: This is becoming tiresome... I dunno if I can-
\c[2]ANNOUNCER: Further misconduct has been detected.
\c[2]Eradication process will begin.
HUEY: M-Maybe we should retreat for now! I don't wanna be eradicated!
REN: M-Maybe you're r-
REINA: R-Ren, I'm scared...
REN: Maybe we should-
REN: What...? What was that just now?
What is this feeling...? \| I...
HUEY: R-Ren, you're shaking...
REN: ...!!!
We need to get out of here as fast as we can!
HUEY: What??
REN: Don't question me, just run!!
RYQZ-M813: Krraaaaa!!!!!!!
REN: Uh...
REINA: Wasn't this supposed to be a pyramid? Where the heck are we?
REN: This is a pyramid, it's just... Not what I expected.
HUEY: I didn't really pay attention in History class, but I don't remember pyramids being this advanced!
REINA: Ooh, maybe they got a good deal at some interior design firm.
HUEY: Or maybe Bladestar remodeled the place to make it look like their base?
REN: What? No. Eclysia Pyramid only just recently opened up.
Even if Bladestar got here before us, there's no way they'd do all of this in a short amount of time.
REINA: Maybe we'll learn a thing or two by exploring. Speculating is fun, but we're kinda on the clock.
REN: Yeah, let's... look around?
ELI: We have the situation under control! No need to worry about us!
ADMIN: Stupid Xen Grunts! Get out of the way!
AELITA: Rrgh...
ALICE: Teehee... Wow, Aelita! You're really fun to play with!
The way you don't give up... It's so inspiring!
AELITA: I don't get it, Alice.
We're here fighting for you, but you stand in our way!
ALICE: That's just how I want this story to go, silly!
AELITA: What gives you the right to dictate what happens to us?
We're not playthings for you to have fun with! We're people!
ALICE: That was the role I was given by Father. I am here to guide you all by my own narrative.
It is my purpose in this world, the Unown Dimension!
AELITA: But you aren't in the Unown Dimension anymore! This is reality!
I also have a role that I have to fulfill. No matter what, I won't lose to you!
ALICE: Oh? What role is that?
AELITA: After Team Xen is defeated, I'm going back to Sheridan to become the new Sensei.
\c[6]And ultimately take my title as Gym Leader!
ALICE: Ohh... You're a Gym Leader, Aelita?
Hm... I want to be a Gym Leader too!
AELITA: You can be, if you worked towards it.
But you have to stop this and accept reality!
ALICE: That would be fun...
AELITA: So then you'll stop?
ALICE: Teehee, of course not! As long as it's my role, I'll keep doing what I do!
AELITA: Then I'll make you! Starmie, Go!
ADMIN: You're all super annoying! Stop it!
ADMIN: Your friends managed to sneak past us, but the same won't happen for you!
???: You sure about that?
SHARON: So much for a pyramid, am I right?
ELI: Yes, it was quite a surprising shock! Very interesting, very cool!
SHARON: Anyway, you got better things to do than fight random Bladestar grunts.
ADMIN: We're Admins! There's a difference!
ELI: We don't care!
SHARON: Don't just stand there! Get to the top already!
\c[2]ANNOUNCER: Threat has been successfully eradicated.
\c[2]RYQZ-M813 will be disengaged momentarily.
\c[2]Please, stand back and wait for RYQZ-M813 to disengage fully before moving around, thank you!
REINA: T-T-T-That th-thing just... obliterated! All of those people-- Those Pokemon!
HUEY: If we didn't move when we did we would've been right with them!
REN: ...
REINA: Hey, Ren? Are you okay?
REN: I... dunno. That was intense.
REINA: It was horrifying. You have every right to be disturbed.
But we gotta keep going, okay? We can do this.
REN: Y-Yeah, you're right. Thanks sis.
HUEY: Do you think it's safe to continue...?
REINA: The announcer said it would only start its "eradication" if we were seen as a threat.
So I'm sure if we leisurely walk by without starting any fights, we should be fine.
HUEY: M-Makes sense to me.
REINA: Ren, how much time do we have left?
REN: ...About 25 minutes.
REINA: Okay so we should like... book it then?
REN: Yeah.
REINA: Then let's book it!
[Map585]
NASTASIA: Very convenient for those Bladestar idiots to leave this panel on for me.
Interesting... Very interesting. Ren's translation is actually quite accurate.
Of course, half of the reason that's the case is because of the decoder in his suit, but...
REINA: Did you find anything new yet?
NASTASIA: Shut up.
REINA: Yes Ma'am!
HUEY: Hey, what's up with this water? It's all glowy 'n stuff.
NASTASIA: I assume that's where the water for the Spring is stored.
Not sure if you noticed them, but there are pipes leading in and outside the Pyramid.
Incidentally, those same pipes are protruding themselves outside of that body of water.
HUEY: Hey, if the water is all the way up here, that means we can just forget about Bladestar and use this!
NASTASIA: ...Not quite. According to this database, the water here isn't purified yet.
The purification comes from the Jewel of Life, and then after, it flushes out at the bottom level.
HUEY: Um... okay.
REINA: She basically said the water's useless right now.
HUEY: Gotcha!
AELITA: I've finally caught up with you all!
HUEY: Th-Thank goodness you're doing okay! I was worried...
REN: I knew you could do it. Welcome back.
AELITA: Hah... Yeah, I'm doing okay.
But...\| What is this place?
REN: Well... We don't really-
NASTASIA: REN!
AELITA: Huh? Is that Nastasia?
NASTASIA: I WASN'T done looking at the panel yet.
Just for that I'm going to embarrass you.
Ren's heart skipped a beat when Aelita reappeared.
His records show that he was in constant worry ever since you went off to do whatever.
AELITA: Heh.. Ren was worried about me!
REN: ...
NASTASIA: Now, back to work!
AELITA: So what's with this panel?
NASTASIA: It's looking like this panel is for managing the Spring's water.
AELITA: But why are we messing with it? Shouldn't we find a way to the top?
NASTASIA: There's nothing else to look at and this is a dead end.
NASTASIA: Ahah! I've found exactly what I was looking for.
I knew there was a reason Bladestar had to utilize this panel.
REINA: What did you find?
NASTASIA: There, activated the warp panel.
From there you can continue the climb.
AELITA: Great! So we just have to look for the warp panel, yeah?
NASTASIA: You don't have to look at all. It's just down the hall.
HUEY: What are we gonna do if we get to the top and there's another Bladestar blockade?
NASTASIA: I wouldn't worry about Bladestar. They lost the moment they decided to blow up the Grand Dream Ball.
REINA: What do you mean?
NASTASIA: You'll see, in time. I'm waiting for a report to come in.
When it does,\c[6] I'll contact Ren.
Then it'll all be over in minutes.
It should be smooth sailing from here on out.
ALEXANDRA: The Pyramid... Is open?!
DAMIEN: Let's scope out the area. Stay near me.
NASTASIA: Or not?
AELITA: That's weird... The announcer didn't say anything this time.
NASTASIA: No, they did. I heard it down here.
It looks like two people have entered. Lovely.
Three people entered moments ago, but I haven't encountered any of them.
So I'm just gonna assume that you all took care-
REN: ...??
I think Nastasia got disconnected somehow...
AELITA: What if it's those two new people...
REINA: Should we go back and make sure she's okay?
AELITA: No, we have to keep going.
Nastasia can take care of herself. We need to stay focused.
REN: Aelita's right. We only have 20 minutes now.
Let's go take that warp panel and finally get to the top of this place.
???: Now, now... What do we have here? A curious bunch?
REN: It's you...!
REINA: It's that guy with the smooth voice again!
Too bad he's a big JERK who likes throwing people through the space-time continuum!
HUEY: Honestly that's so rude!
AELITA: ...
REN: What are you doing here?!
???: Now, now... No need to get so fired up. I'm not here to mess with you five.
I'm here out of... curiosity. It's been so long since I've experienced something so new.
For the first time ever, the Eclysia Pyramid has shown itself and opened.
Can you blame me for wanting to take a look?
And I must say... This is a very interesting development.
I wonder... Have you all figured out what this place is yet?
REN: Who cares?! We don't have time for you!
???: This kitty cat always has his claws out. It's time to behave now.
Like I said, I'm not here to cause trouble. Yet, at least.
I just thought I'd give you all a bit of the info I found regarding this place.
AELITA: How about you answer my question first?
???: Oh...?
AELITA: Where is the girl with the red hair?!
???: Ah... So you've regained those memories? That's interesting.
I wouldn't worry about her. She's on a mission right now.
I'm sure you would know all about that, \|Aelita.
AELITA: You...!
???: Now, now, Firefly. There's no need to get so heated.
I'm sure you'll get an opportunity to let out all that steam very soon.
As for that info I mentioned earlier... Perhaps I'll leave that up to your imagination.
After all, you all only have 18 minutes left to succeed.
You guys are practically at the end anyway. No need to ruin the momentum.
We'll meet again very soon. Ciao!
AELITA: Wait!
REN: Hey, are you okay? You know who that guy is?
AELITA: No, I've never seen him before, but the way he dressed reminded me of someone I did.
Someone I'm looking for...
That's... another story for another time. He said we're almost at the top, right?
HUEY: Yeah...
AELITA: Then let's do this.
HUEY: Is this another dead end? I really hope not...
AELITA: No, it's actually an elevator.
I think this thing will take us to the top, finally.
REINA: What are we waiting for then? We gotta go!
???: Hey, wait for us!
HUEY: Hey, it's Adam and Braixen!
ADAM: But of course! THE Adam Might was getting really bored of sitting around doing nothing!
And this Braixen just won't leave my side for some reason, so I just let her come along.
BRAIXEN: ...
REN: Adam, you were just with Nastasia, right? Her and I got cut off recently.
ADAM: Uh, if you mean after that announcement, then nah. Braixen and I were already on our way.
REN: I see...
ADAM: I wouldn't worry about her, though. That woman is fierce!
REN: Yeah...
AELITA: Alright, let's reach the top. Everyone ready?
REN: As ready as we'll ever be.
AELITA: Right...
Going up!
Take the lift up to the Skyview?
Your party has been healed!
HEALING PARTY...
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
REN: This place is incredible...
REINA: Yeah, what is up with all of this? Where's all the sand?
Not that I'm complaining. Once you get that stuff on you, that shit doesn't come off.
HUEY: At least it's not a pyramid filled with glitter. That's even worse!
REINA: Wonder what Nastasia would say about this place?
REN: Well... Let's try something.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: What is it, Ren? Did you make it to the top yet?!
\f[NP_1]We've only got 23 minutes left before the stasis pods lose power!
REN: We haven't, but there shouldn't be too much left.
I'm calling you because I think you have to see something for yourself.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: ...Alright, let's take a look.
???: This... What? What is this?
This is the Eclysia Pyramid? But I thought this place was supposed to be ancient...?
HUEY: Did Ren just go through reverse puberty?
REINA: Wow, Ren! Didn't know you had that kind of feature!
???: After all the times I've scolded you two... You can't recognize my voice?
HUEY: Oh... It's Nastasia! That's so cool!
REINA: Pfft... I knew that.
So um, where's my brother?
REN: Don't worry, I'm still here. Nastasia's just taking control for a little while.
NASTASIA: That's right. Besides, you all are taking too long to get to the top.
So I'll take this opportunity to guide us. Follow me.
NASTASIA: Wait... Where's Aelita?
HUEY: Um, it's a long story, but she'll be okay, I think.
NASTASIA: I'll just take your word for it. Follow me.
REINA/HUEY: Yes Ma'am!
Yes
No
[Map586]
AUDINO: Audi! Audi!
MELIA: What just happened?
ADAM: The announcer said something about a transformation, right?
This must be what it meant.
Perhaps... This is what this place has always meant to look like.
AELITA: It's beautiful... It's almost like a garden.
Somehow I feel like I've been here once before...
Perhaps I'll learn of that a bit later.
AELITA: Oh, by the way! Melia!
It looks like that Spring did wonders for your health!
It looks like nothing even happened!
MELIA: What do you mean?
AELITA: The Spring? We used it to revitalize you.
MELIA: What? I wasn't in any situation like that. I just came directly from West Gearen.
You can ask Erick, I came with him.
ERICK: Yeah... It's true. We came with Sakitron too, but she's...
MELIA: I'm so sorry about that, Erick.
ERICK: It's... It's okay.
AELITA: B-But that can't be right. I know for a fact that we've had you in a stasis pod!
MELIA: You've got it wrong... I was on my own "adventure" for a little while now.
Which reminds me, we have a LOT to talk about.
AELITA: If it wasn't you in that pod, then who was it?
ADAM: Dunno, but they looked like Melia, that's for sure.
AELITA: Ah, then you saw her?
ADAM: Only partially. I don't really like looking at people... in that state.
AELITA: I have to know who that person was...!
AUDINO: Audi!
REINA: Wait, we're coming with you!
ERICK: I think I'll just... go home. I don't think I'm up to socializing.
MELIA: We understand. Safe travels back to West Gearen.
ERICK: Yeah.
DELPHA: ...
Melia, \PN, Adam, there's something I wish to discuss.
I was waiting for Huey to leave before I brought it up because it deals with...
MELIA: Dealing with what?
DELPHA: It's about Lavender.
You see... Lavender saved me. She's the reason why I'm even here.
MELIA: She saved you? What do you mean? Isn't she in the hospital right now?
DELPHA: Yes, but that's just it. She saved me from that hospital.
ADAM: Delpha, you're beating around the bush.
Just come out with it already.
DELPHA: Okay... Well, the main doctor there, Isha, is not who he seems.
He's running some underground business where he experiments on people and Pokemon.
MELIA: Isha is experimenting on people and Pokemon?
...
He's keeping the people who were turned into stone in the hospital as well.
What are we going to do about it? We can't just run into a hospital guns blazing.
As shady as a doctor he might be, there are actual patients there too.
DELPHA: Agreed, but we can't let him continue.
We need to go there and confront him.
ADAM: Are we going there now then?
DELPHA: No, we need to finish what we're doing here and make sure the three survivors of the explosion are taken care of.
I didn't want to tell Huey because I feared he might let his emotions consume him before we were done here.
I'd like to only tell Huey when our plan to save Lavender is finalized.
ADAM: Sounds good to me.
MELIA: If you don't mind me asking, what sort of experiments are taking place there?
DELPHA: I can't say for certain, but I'd like to say it has to do with\c[6] memory.
MELIA: Memory...
DELPHA: After we were defeated on Route 7, I was separated from the group and sent to Isha's office.
For what reason? I don't know.
All I know is that the doctors there were trying to tamper with my memory-- To their failure of course.
ADAM: Anyway, like you said. Let's finish off what we're doing here.
DELPHA: Yes, let's go greet everyone else down by the Spring.
ADAM: Yeah.
DELPHA: By the way, there's one last thing I wanted to talk about.
It has to do with Crescent.
MELIA: Crescent? What about her?
DELPHA: Back on Route 7, she tried to protect us against that girl with the red hair.
But she lost, like the rest of us.
MELIA: Crescent... lost?!
DELPHA: Yes... I asked the red-haired girl about this when you guys were all knocked out.
And she told me that she killed Crescent.
MELIA: There's... There's no way that's true!
DELPHA: ...I don't believe it to be true, or rather, I choose to believe that it's not.
Something feels off about it all. I'm not sure if she's telling the truth.
MELIA: I'm not sure what to think...
DELPHA: I didn't want to cause you anymore stress, but I thought it was appropriate to bring it up to you now.
MELIA: Yes... Thank you.
DELPHA: Melia, do you mind if we walk together? There are things I also must bring you up to speed about.
MELIA: Sure thing.
DELPHA: Let's walk together.
AELITA: What the...? Who is this?
ADMINS: Hahahahahahahahaah!
REINA: What's so funny you assholes? You got somethin' to say?
REN: Where is the Jewel of Life? I know you have it!
???: You know about that? I gotta say, I'm impressed.
AELITA: That voice... Who said that?
HUEY: ...
Wait, I know that voice from somewhere! It... It can't be...?
REN: R-Ryland?!
ADAM: ...Ryland...? Why... Why does that name seem so familiar to me?
HUEY: But that voice from before-- That wasn't Ryland!
I know that voice. It was...\| Flora!
AELITA: Flora?!
FLORA: I'm flattered that you remembered my voice, Huey.
It's been so long since we've seen each other.
Ever since Rune went missing...
REN: What have you done to Ryland?!
FLORA: Ryland was a traitorous fiend.
He thought he could get away from his duty by quitting, but I would never allow that, would I?
If he wasn't going to do my bidding by choice, I made him do it without one.
And like a delicate sapling, my contraption has blossomed into a beautiful flower.
One that gives me total control over his mind and physical abilities.
REINA: But why go through so much trouble to control Ryland?! Why couldn't you just let him go?!
FLORA: Because he was crucial to my success, of course.
I found ancient texts describing a jewel that could restore all life with its power.
The texts claimed that the jewel was stored safely within a pyramid somewhere in Aevium.
The Eclysia Pyramid was looked after by King Ieisel of the Zigara Kingdom.
But before he died, he sealed off the pyramid and casted it beneath the soil.
Some time ago, the Pyramid resurfaced, and with that, I was able to use the King's descendant to re-open the Pyramid.
I knew that Eclysia Pyramid would for sure have the rumored jewel deep within it.
And I was right! I've found the Jewel of Life!
HUEY: B-But what does that have to do with Ryland?
FLORA: Isn't it obvious? Ryland is a descendant of the Zigara Kindgom's royal bloodline.
Without him, I could not open the Pyramid.
And with Ryland claiming he was an only child, I had no other option.
ADAM: ...Only... child?
AELITA: You're... You're evil!
FLORA: Evil? No, of course not. I'm just... dedicated.
HUEY: What would Rune say if she saw you doing all of this?!
FLORA: I'm doing this FOR Rune! I'm doing this FOR everyone!
REN: The only person you're doing this for is yourself!
You blew up the Grand Dream Ball, sacrificing many of your members!
Members who followed and believed you would bring them a better life!
But what you brought them was destruction!
FLORA: Sacrifices must be made for the good of the cause.
If you're not willing to do things you're not comfortable with, you'll never succeed.
You make it sound like I was not mournful of my own Grunts.
I loved them like my own children, but I did what I did for the majority of us.
And look at what their sacrifice brought us? Complete success and control of Grand Dream City!
REN: Stop talking as if you've already won! We're still here and we WILL stop you!
FLORA: ...?
But...\| I've already won? There's nothing else for you.
As I speak, the Judicial Building is being taken over by my loyal followers.
It won't be long until Grand Dream City is completely under my control.
Perhaps... If you sacrificed your three friends you desperately tried to save and stayed in the city...
Things would've been different.
REN: I... I don't even know what to say to you...
I've never met someone so far gone... So disconnected from her humanity...
FLORA: Whatever, it doesn't matter.
FLORA: No hard feelings, right \PN? You didn't think I'd actually make you a member, yes?
AELITA: \PN... joined Bladestar?!
FLORA: Not of their own choice, at least. I essentially blackmailed \PN and Erin.
But that was only temporary. Something I used to buy my time in the shadows.
Besides, even if \PN was loyal to me, any of that loyalty probably went away when Erin was caught in my explosion.
AELITA: You... Erin was one of my best friends and... You killed her!
FLORA: You know, \PN... If I had known all the way back in Darchlight that you would be so troublesome...
I would've taken care of you far sooner than I have.
But that's fine. I'm stronger than you, and that's a fact.
I will do everything in my power to crush you, my final obstacle...
FLORA: Oh? Look who it is... \PN. You and Erin certainly... annoyed me.
Could you imagine my joy when I heard that Erin was another person who got caught in my attack?
I couldn't help but laugh! That bitch got what was coming to her.
AELITA: What did you just say!?
Don't talk down to Erin! She could be... She could be dead for all we know!
FLORA: Oh, and I hope she is! It's what she deserves!
FLORA: Ah... \PN. The annoying little bug that decided to make my life more difficult.
And you just had to tell my brother Florin everything about it too...
But in a way, I'm happy you did. It showed me an unexpected side of him.
A side that I no longer deemed fit enough to rule Grand Dream City.
Thanks to you blabbing everything to Cassandra like an idiot, I was able to set up the perfect trap.
And now he's taken the blame and is gone. It's so sad, it really is.
But like I said, sacrifices, right?
It's unfortunate that youo didn't tell Cassandra all about the Darchlight Labs.
I prepared something so wonderful down there that would've sent my brother into a pit of despair.
Ah well, that's fine. I have him where I want him now.
FLORA: \PN you were more trouble than I initially thought.
I tried to manipulate you with blackmail down in the labs, but that didn't faze you one bit.
In a way, it impressed me. Your sense of justice, I mean.
Or perhaps you just really wanted to see me fail for one reason or another.
Either way, you've caused me so much pain.
FLORA: Sigh... You don't know how much pain you've caused me, \PN.
If I had known a random trainer like you would cause me so many problems...
I would've had you killed long ago, but that was a miscalculation made by me.
So I must thank you for presenting yourself to me now.
To give me an opportunity to completely erase you is all I needed, truly!
AELITA: I've heard enough! \PN let's kick her ass and get back that jewel!
HUEY: Can we do this in 15 minutes?
REN: We have to. Reina, you got my back?
REINA: Um, duh?? Let's drag this bitch!
ADAM: ...
BRAIXEN: Braowoao!
FLORA: You want the Jewel of Life? You'll have to fight for it.
But it's a fight you WILL lose.
Come, \PN. Our final showdown will be here!
This battle was pointless. No matter what you do, I've won. That's the fact of the matter.
FLORA: ...
So, in the end... Ryland's Pokemon were just as disappointing.
It is no matter. My win was already guaranteed.
No amount of Pokemon battles will change this outcome.
Aelita stole the \c[6]Jewel of Life!
FLORA: ...What?
HUEY: Go Aelita!!!
AELITA: I said it before, I've heard enough already.
AELITA: The Jewel of Life must go into this pillar!
Ren, how much time?!
REN: Four minutes!
AELITA: We can do this!
Aelita inserted the Jewel of Life into the pillar!
AELITA: Why... Why, why, why, why?!
Why isn't the water flowing?!
FLORA: Ahahahahahahaaha!!!
I will say, I admire your determination. It's fierce.
And your attention to detail is quite good as well.
Yes, you're correct! The Jewel of Life is meant to be inserted there.
But that's not all you need to reactivate the water flow.
You see this panel in front of me?
It must be activated as well.
AELITA: ...And I assume only Ryland can activate it.
FLORA: Well, well! You were paying attention after all!
Yes, Aelita, you are also very correct! Only descendents of Ieisel can activate the panel.
So what does this mean for you? You've acted out of line.
But I shall propose a deal with you all.
This contraption I've placed on Ryland has a tube of lethal poison.
Originally, after Ryland's duty was complete, I was simply going to administer the poison remotely.
But me, being the generous ruler that I am, will spare him.
The condition is that you hand over the Jewel of Life and allow me to leave without any resistance.
AELITA: But... If we give you this Jewel, then our friends will die!
Please, just activate the Spring long enough for our friends to recover!
Afterwards you can take the Jewel of Life all for yourself! Please!
FLORA: I'm afraid there will be no negotiations.
It's my terms, or... Well, you know the rest.
REN: Damn you, Flora!
FLORA: What will it be? Save Ryland's life, or sacrifice them all?
AELITA: I...
REN: Uh, one sec. I gotta take this.
REN: Nastasia, are you okay?
...Uh-huh...\| Yes, but...\| Wait, what?\| But...\| Okay, fine...\| Alright, I'll do it.\|
Greninja, return!
REN: Starting live broadcast!
REPORTER: We're coming at you live from Grand Dream City's Judicial District!
We have breaking news that will shake up your entire being to the core!
REPORTER: We'll have more news for you at a later point!
This has been your Grand Dream City Reporting Team!
And with this miracle, we shall see you again!
FLORA: ....?!
Where are you four going?! Get back here!
That's an order! Why aren't you listening to me?!
REN: Because they realized you aren't worth listening to.
REN: I don't know how Nastasia knew this, but I understand what she meant now.
Your loss was guaranteed the moment you decided to go this far.
REINA: Now that they realized your dumbass couldn't even kill Cassandra, they're gone.
AELITA: You sacrificed so many of your members for nothing.
All of the people who died were innocent. Your plan failed.
REN: You're just a cold blooded murderer who failed at every aspect.
AELITA: Bladestar has disbanded, and the one who did that was you.
REN: It's over, Flora. Checkmate.
HUEY: Ryland!!
HUEY: Is he okay?
REN: Yeah, that contraption Flora put him in seemed to have fallen apart.
AELITA: And he's breathing. He should be up... who even knows when?
REINA: Dare I ask how much time we have?
REN: ...
60 seconds... So basically, we're out of time.
AELITA: W-Well, we only need Ryland's biometrics to activate the panel, right?
It's wrong, but using his hand to activate the panel may be the only option we have.
ADAM: ...You don't have to worry...
AELITA: Huh...?
ADAM: Ryland... I remember you.
ADAM: What have I been doing all this time?!
REINA: Adam, are you okay?
ADAM: We don't need Ryland to activate that panel!
ADAM: We don't need Ryland, because \c[6]I'm his brother!
\c[1]ANNOUNCER: Biometrics accepted! Spring will now flow once more.
AELITA: The water... it's flowing!
REINA: But we ran out of time... Will this even work out?
REN: Nastasia, can you hear me? We restored the flow of water!
But I'm afraid... it was all for nothing... We ran out of time, didn't we?
REN: Alexandra and Damien are here?! They... must've been the two that were recently announced.
\f[NP_1]NASTASIA: Don't worry about it for now. We're loading those three into the Spring now.
\f[NP_1]Great job everyone... It looks like, in the end,\c[6] we were successful.
REN: We... did it?
REINA: Holy crap, it sounds like we did...
HUEY: HECK YEAH!
AELITA: Oh thank everything... ever... that's ever existed.
REN: Sigh... That's another one for the books then.
ADAM: Aelita... \PN... Braixen...
AELITA: Wait, that's right! Adam, do you remember us?!
ADAM: I... I don't know what... I'm doing here...?
My... My head hurts...
REN: Let's not make your brain explode. For now you should help me carry Ryland down the Pyramid.
ADAM: Yeah... Okay. Yeah...
HUEY: What should we do now?
AELITA: You guys can head back down. I'll stay up here and make sure no one tries to do anything weird with the Jewel of Life.
Bladestar's gone for good now, I think, but there was also that guy from before lurking around.
REINA: Oh yeah, that choco-voice dude. I almost forgot about him.
You sure you don't want us to hang around? Maybe we could help guard?
AELITA: Nah, it's fine. You guys have done so much already.
Besides... I think I'd like some time alone to myself for a little while.
When everyone's all healed up, contact me on the walky-talky, okay \PN?
HUEY: Okie dokie, if you say so. We'll be on our way then.
REINA: What's going on, Aelita?! What was that explosion?
AELITA: Not an explosion... Someone's here.
But where...?
AELITA: Over there!
AELITA: Who's hiding out here? Show yourself!
???:\ts[1] Very well, if that's what you wish.
AELITA: ...Madame X?!
REINA: Wait... Madame X as in, Team Xen Leader Madame X?!
Um, this might be a little out of my skill range you guys.
AELITA: How long have you been here?!
MADAMEX: Not long since you three arrived.
It's hard to keep an inconspicuous presence here when this wretched Pyramid announces everything.
AELITA: But when did it announce-
Wait, Alexandra and Damien entered together. They were the 62nd and 63rd guests...
Which means the three before them--
AELITA: Everyone, be on your guard! She's not alone!
???: Ah, but of course not, Firefly. Where do you think I fit in?
BRAIXEN: ...!
AELITA: You... You're working with Madame X?!
Sigh... Somehow I'm not surprised.
???: Now, now... No need to get so uptight about it all.
I said I wasn't here to bother you all. Though, not sure that extends to yours truly.
AELITA: Let me guess... You're after the Jewel of Life?
???: What else would we be here for? It was a great surprise to learn that after all this time...
The Jewel of Life we've heard about so much hid deep within these walls.
AELITA: You can't have it! We won't let you!
MADAMEX: Let me ask you something, Aelita. Have you figured out what this place is?
You've searched every visible nook and cranny of this structure, yes?
Hasn't the thought of "How?", and "Why?" gone through your mind?
AELITA: I... Of course it has, but... We had more important things to focus on!
???: Well let me do you a favor and enlighten you, Firefly.
This structure known as the Eclysia Pyramid is an Ark.
HUEY: An... Ark?
MADAMEX: To put it in words that young Huey will understand,\c[6] it's a ship.
Created by the ancient Garufan civilization as a way to escape this wretched planet.
???: Haven't you noticed the cockpit present before reaching the top?
If you were to mess with the controls there, eventually I'd assume you'd get this building to fly into outer space.
REINA: O-Outer space?
MADAMEX: But in order for the ship to function, it needs the power of the Jewel of Life.
???: What would we do if someone were to waltz in here and send this structure off into oblivion?
Which is why we're leaving here with it, one way or another.
HUEY: What would Team Xen need with a ship like this for anyway?!
???: It's not about what WE could use it for, but what others can.
The real truth behind this place is still...\| \c[6]Unknown to even us.
MADAMEX: This place... \|I will learn its secrets.
And the key to learning its secrets is through the Jewel of Life.
AELITA: We need that Jewel of Life to revive our friends!
And I need the Spring to recover my past memories!
If you want it, you'll have to go through us!
HUEY: All of us!
MADAMEX: That is no issue. Very well. This shall go quickly!
AELITA: \PN... If we do this right... We can end everything here.
Both Bladestar and Team Xen.
With you by my side, \PN...\| I feel no fear.
Together... I know we can make things right.
Let's go back home with a ray of hope!
???: Ma'am, should I?
MADAMEX: I don't need your help.
???: If that's what you want, who am I to question?
AELITA: \PN let's go!
AELITA: Melia...! You're really here! You're okay!
MELIA: Yeah... It's good to see you two again. \PN, Aelita.
I hope I'm not too late.
AELITA: No,\| you're just on time.
MELIA: We meet again Madame X... This time we'll settle things.
MADAMEX: Are you so sure about that?
MELIA: We've had enough, Madame X.
We won't be threatened by you any longer!
MADAMEX: ...Even if you were to destroy me here...
Do you honestly believe the suffering of many would end?
The cycle of pain and suffering shall continue.
ERICK: Yeah, yeah... But it'll be a lot better with you gone.
Sakitron, use your Ultimate Finisher Move!
SAKITRON: Initiating Saki Drill!
MADAMEX: ...
MADAMEX: Graahhh!!
MADAMEX: No... Not yet...
\c[6]If it weren't for this confounded suit...\| Things would be different...
MELIA: Just one more attack and she's done for.
Let's end this!
???:\ts[1] You go on a trip for a few weeks and things fall apart.
AELITA: You...!
BRAIXEN: .........!!
MELIA: Who...\| is this?
AELITA: That's the person I've been looking for...
AELITA: The one who caused so much suffering.
AELITA: The one who made Kenneth and Taelia's life a living hell.
AELITA:\ts[1] The one who killed Taelia!
AELITA: Everyone, be careful!\c[6] She can create illusions and trick you!
\c[6]Don't fall for her false reality!
???: ...
Sorry, I guess it's been a while for you, but only moments for me.
I was wondering how it would be possible to forget an interaction we just had.
But that's how these things go. That's fine, though.
AELITA: ...
???: Ma'am, are you okay?
MADAMEX: Just perfect.
???: What do you want me to do?
MADAMEX: Take care of them and retrieve the Jewel of Life.
???: Understood.
AELITA: You and I will fight for it, then. I've been waiting for this.
MELIA: Aelita, we're here to help you!
AELITA: Guys... Thank you.\| But this matter is personal.
I have to do this myself.
???: Surely you must remember this by now? I said this to you once before, through Kenneth.
MELIA: Everyone be on your guard! Erick, please look after everyone else!
???: Don't take any of this personally.
BRAIXEN: (Aelita, \PN, Melia... You can't win..!)
???: It's just business.
I bet you've yet to realize what you've just done.
Thank you for your contribution. It's been a pleasure.
???: Thanks for your help, "partner".
MADAMEX: Great work.
???: I didn't think this plan would work, but looks like it's an award winning one.
MADAMEX: But of course. You give them an edge and then you push them off it.
???: Just get Madame X out of here. I'll retrieve the Jewel of Life.
???: If you say so.
AELITA: \PN...! You saw through her trick! Thank you!
???: I have to say, I'm impressed. Whether you lost because you knew, or because you're genuinely awful...
We'll see which one is true, however...
I'm not leaving without that Jewel, so. Time for us to clean up.
First thing's first...
???: There won't be any healing.
AELITA: Audino!
SAKITRON: I won't let you hurt Erick!\| KISS MY ROBOTIC ASS!
???: Alright, then I'll have you hurt him.
ERICK: Sakitron...!
SAKITRON: ...! Critical component damaged! Self-destruct imminent...
Erick... I'm sor-
???: You're not excluded.
REINA: Huey!
???: I didn't really like the idea at first, but it turned out to be award winning, Madame.
MADAMEX: But of course.
Give them the edge and then push them off.
They thought they had the upper hand. That's why they let their guard down.
???: Escort Madame X out of here. I'll retrieve the Jewel of Life.
???: As you wish.
BRAIXEN: (It's just like before... I'm useless... There's nothing we can do...!
\c[6]\ts[1]Not even she could help us...
HUEY: I can't believe we actually did it! I thought we were gonna fail for sure.
REINA: By the way... I know you've told me this before, Huey...
But you were talking about Rune earlier. How come you don't... uh...
HUEY: Huh?
REINA: We've been friends for a while, but you haven't spoken about her once.
HUEY: Oh...
REINA: I know she's missing, but it's a little strange.
HUEY: I haven't forgotten her and It's not like I don't care, but...
It's been so long since she's been missing, I think I've already... maybe accepted that...
REINA: Huey...
HUEY: It's been longer than two months now, Reina.
With no leads... I just... I think she's gone.
REINA: ...
HUEY: Besides... You guys made me feel comforted by hanging out with me.
Especially you, Reina. With Lavender being in the hospital, I don't really have any friends.
With you here, it's like I've had another sister that's been comforting me through this whole ordeal.
So even though things are grim for me... I think I'll be okay.
REINA: Aww... You're gonna make me cry, Huey.
I can't replace Rune, but I promise to be the best big sis ever, I promise!
BRAIXEN: ...
(Huey... I...)
HUEY: Wh-What was that?!
REINA: It sounded like it came from the top!!
RYLAND: I shall stay up here and guard the Jewel of Life.
Frankly, I've been having fun up here. It's not often that I get to enjoy lush environments.
I have to wonder, though...
Why is the Jewel of Life here? In this ancient spacecraft?
The Jewel of Life is supposed to be a gift passed down to humanity by Arceus.
Hm...
RYLAND: \PN, it's good to see you. It's been a long time.
...You look as if you want to tell me something?
Well, let's hear it then.
RYLAND: Adam...
I had no idea he was going through something so horrible.
But I entrust your friends with my brother. Adam can get himself out of anything.
\PN, thank you for coming all this way to tell me.
9 months will be a long time, but I will be there when it's time for him to wake up.
Until then, let's do our best to end the threat of Team Xen.
RYLAND: Thank you for telling me that, \PN.
Adam will be fine. He can get out of anything without a scratch.
...Sorry, that's a lie. He's quite prone to taking hits.
But that's just the type of person he is. I can't wait for him to return.
Take the lift down into the pyramid?
REINA: Woahhh... I think we did it! We're finally at the top!
Really missed that desert sand in my eyes, and my hair, and my... everywhere...
REN: I'm not so sure we're actually outside.
REN: It looks like we're standing on a piece of levitating rock... or something?
AELITA: Then we're still inside then?
ADAM: Betcha if you fell from here you'd land somewhere in the labs downstairs!
We were in that elevator for a long time. I wonder if you would survive a fall...
HUEY: Stop talking about that. I'm afraid of heights!
REINA: Yeah, and last time Huey jumped from a high place, he had to pee immediately! It was awful!
HUEY: My bladder can't take it...
AELITA: But if we're still inside, then how is there a sandstorm?
And this heat... It all feels so real.
REN: It's almost as if it's simulating a desert area.
AELITA: This Pyramid... I don't understand it.
REN: I'm sure we'll have time to do our research after we're done here.
I don't know what's at the very top, but... I have a bad feeling.
Be prepared.
RYLAND: I'll protect the Jewel of Life with all of my strength.
I believe it is an ample punishment for getting too hasty and joining Bladestar anyway.
Until we meet again, \PN.
AELITA: I'll meet up with you guys a bit later. I'd like some time to myself.
???: And here I thought you learned your lesson last time.
???: You know, back then you asked for an answer.
You did so in such a disappointing way.
The age-old question that's plagued humanity. "Why"?
Why do things happen to good people? To bad people?
Humanity created words to describe such phenomenons.
Good luck.\| Bad luck.\| Karma.\| Destiny.
Those words hold no power. They're just excuses.
Things happen because some are strong enough to make them happen.
So then why are you here? Standing before me as if you had any hope of winning.
???: It's because you're designed to be yet another stepping stone.
But like I told Aelita before, don't take this personal.
Business, is just business.
???: Completely useless without your wand?
But you were useless, even with it. So what does that make you now?
If you're not a stepping stone, then what good are you?
Not good enough for me to waste my time knocking you out, that's for sure.
So how about a compromise? Sit there and don't interfere.
In exchange, I won't knock you out cold.
That Jewel of Life is ours.
BRAIXEN: (No...)
BRAIXEN: (I said... I won't let this happen again...)
(I let it happen at Akuwa Town with Team Xen...
I couldn't do anything to save the others on Route 7...)
???: Huh?
BRAIXEN: (This time... I'm not afraid. I won't back down!)
???: ...!
BRAIXEN: (I WON'T BACK DOWN!)
???: This...\| Is new.
DELPHOX: I feel... Amazing.
DELPHOX: I can... speak! Without Saki's device...!
I see... Then I won't let her down.
DELPHOX: You and I have unfinished business.
???: I see, a Delphox, but not quite. A product of science...
Interesting. Well, it doesn't matter.
This changes nothing, after all.
DELPHOX: Huh, I guess you're right.
???: Correct, the circumstanc-
DELPHOX: I'm not quite a Delphox, even though I did just evolve.
DELPHOX: In that case, I'm going to give myself a new name.
How about... Delpha! It's like Delta, but with Delphox!
DELPHA: Yeah, I like that!
Now, where were we?\| Oh yeah... My wand is gone...
That won't be a problem.
DELPHA: This time, I'll protect everyone. That Jewel of Life is ours!
???: We'll do it together!
DELPHA: Adam...!
ADAM: You look different, Braixen. Or, I guess I should call you Delpha now.
DELPHA: You... You remember me?
ADAM: Still a little hazy, but I do. I remember this red-haired bitch too.
Let's kick her ass, protect the others, and find Saki and Val.
DELPHA: *Sniff*... Yeah.
???: Sigh... You're just dragging this out. But fine, let's go.
DELPHA: Don't even try it. Show me the truth!
ADAM: Wait... what?
???: You... broke through my illusion? How did you know?
DELPHA: You can't trick me. I can see the truth.
And I'll make you see it too!
???:\ts[1] Huh...?
Interesting.
I understand what you're about now.
You use your power to sense the psyche and aura of every living thing around you.
And because my illusions are just that- illusions- they don't hold any aura.
With that you can differentiate.\| Very interesting indeed.
Alright then. In that case.
Since you've bested me, I'll leave without the Jewel of Life.
DELPHA: ...How can I trust you on that?
ADAM: You can't.
???: Doesn't matter if you trust me or not. I'm leaving, and that's a fact.
Besides, it's fate that we'll cross paths again.
DELPHA: Not so fast. There's one last thing.
DELPHA: You defeated us back at Route 7.\| \c[6]...Including Crescent.
What did you do to her...?
What did you do to Crescent?!
I wouldn't worry about Crescent. She won't be bothering any of us anymore.
DELPHA: What do you mean?
???:\ts[2]\c[6] Because I killed her.
DELPHA: ...!
DELPHA: That can't be true... Crescent was killed by her?
I mean... I did see her lose, but... Somehow that doesn't seem right.
ADAM: She could've been lying.
DELPHA: Perhaps, but... I'm not so sure.
ADAM: Whatever, it's not important now. Delpha, you've done a good job.
DELPHA: You really think so?
DELPHA: I'm glad... I could help.
ADAM: It looks like everyone got beat up pretty bad.
DELPHA: Yes... Let us help them back up.
MELIA: Goodness, that beating we took was... not expected.
For once I thought we had the upper hand there.
AELITA: We underestimated the enemy, and that's why we lost.
But I guess, in the end, we didn't lose! Braixen- Er, I mean Delpha, saved the day!
DELPHA: I didn't do anything... I stood by in a corner while I let those two beat you guys up.
Please... forgive me.
HUEY: Hey it's all cool! It worked out in the end.
ANNOUNCER:\c[1] Eclysia Pyramid has reached max water capacity.
\c[1] Skyview transformation commencing.
MELIA: Transformation?
Yes
No
[Map587]
CORSOLA: Corsa!
[Map588]
[Map589]
AUDINO: Audi?
???:\| Will you just...\| Stop?!
AELITA: Man, I really didn't want this to be the case. Stowaways!
AELITA: W-Wait a minute?!
ADAM: What are you doing latching onto me like this?!
No one touches THE Adam Might without his permission!
If you want an autograph, it's gonna have to wait till later,\| I'm serious!
BRAIXEN: Braowowow!
ADAM: That's it, get off now!
ADAM: There, isn't that better? Jeez louise you're clingy.
AELITA: I can't believe it... Adam, Braixen!
ADAM: So you've heard of me?
Pfft, what am I saying? Of course you've heard of me!
I'm THE Adam Might, after all. Greatest trainer in all of Aevium, thank you very much!
Ahahahahahahahahah!
AELITA: But, didn't you lose to \PN?
ADAM: Wh-What?
AELITA: Nastasia had the tournament on. I was watching the entire match.
ADAM: Details, details! That fight was r-rigged anyway!
BRAIXEN: Braowoaw!!!
AELITA: Is something the matter, Braixen? You can talk to me, we're friends!
BRAIXEN: Braowooowoo!!!
AELITA: Why... Aren't you talking?\| Where's the translator Saki made for you?
Hm... This isn't good. I won't be able to understand you without that.
C'mon, let's see if Nastasia can do anything about that.
AELITA: Hold on, this is weird.
Adam, do you still not recognize me?! What's going on with you?
And what are you two even doing in here?
ADAM: Huh, oh wait, I do recognize you!
AELITA: Y-You do?
ADAM: Yeah, you were that chick with Risa at Axis High, yeah?
You had different hair back then, but the face is still the same.
AELITA: Sigh...
ADAM: Anyway, I overheard \PN and his friends talking to these guys about doing somethin or whatever.
I heard a mention of a certain pyramid and decided I was intrigued.
Dunno why, but hearing about that pyramid just makes me feel like I'm meant to tag along.
AELITA: Um, well, alright, but... I don't know how Nastasia is going to take it.
We can go check with her, though. Let's not keep anyone waiting.
ADAM: Fine with me, let's get things goin'!
ADAM: And just so you know, I only lost to you because of the Inverse Field!
Whenever we find ourselves on a Rocky Field, I'll rule the arena!
Till then, stay beautiful!\| Even though we're going to see each other again in just a second.
BRAIXEN: Braowoaowowowow!
HUEY: Hm... I feel like you're trying to tell me something, but I don't really get it.
But don't worry! Nastasia's working on a nifty little device for you!
After that you can tell me whatever it is you need to!
AELITA: I still can't understand you, sorry! Don't worry, though! Nastasia's workin' on something!
BRAIXEN: ...
AELITA: Hey \PN. Ren told me to tell you to meet him upstairs.
Apparently Nastasia wants to show you something.
After that you should come back here. I have lots to tell you about!
AELITA: Ready to hear my story?
AELITA: Hoo boy, alright! This story is a tad bit long, so...
AELITA: Alrighty, I'll be here whenever you're ready!
AELITA: And... That's basically what happened.
That woman, Kai'ya... She really helped me focus.
She said she was going to send Texen home after a long talk, but I don't think even Kai'ya's wise enough to get through that brick wall.
It's likely he'll just go all the way back home to Axis High University.
Which means we'll probably run into him again at some point.
Not that it matters anymore. I don't think he's capable of being a nuisance anymore.
Soon after I found Kreiss and made it to the Spring of Preservation.
There I spoke to Taelia again, and she restored the other half of our memories.
...Except for one thing. The truth behind Amethyst Grotto.
Can you believe it? My own self is hiding my own memories from me.
I know repression is a thing, but this takes it to a new extreme!
Oh, and something strange happened, too.
For some reason, I gained bits and pieces of Kenneth's memories too.
Most of them always lead back to a certain... person.\|\c[6] That red-haired girl...
It may sound awful of me, but my main reason I'm joining this endeavor is because I'm looking for someone.
I-It's not that I don't care about the others, but something inside me is driving me to be here.
All that's left is the Spring of Rejuvenation.
At that point, I'll regain all of Taelia's memories. Perhaps I'll gain access to Vivian's Madness too.
Who knows? I won't worry about it.
Oh yeah! There's something I wanted to give you!\| Please take this!
AELITA: Kreiss gave me two of these. He told me to give the other one to a good friend of mine.
Do you know what Crests are?\| They're items specific Pokemon can hold.
This one is for Cherrim. I don't know how they work,\| but boy do they work!
Anyway, there's still a ton of time left to kill, and I'm pretty tired...
I guess I'll just relax for a bit. This'll probably be the last time I'll be able to for a long while.
What about you? Are you gonna rest up too?
AELITA: Yeah, that sounds best. In that case, goodnight \PN!
We're all going to need a lot of strength for tomorrow...
\ts[1]*24 hours left remaining*
NASTASIA: Everyone, it's time to get up. We've landed at our first destination.
I want Team A to meet me outside immediately. That is all.
AELITA: Gotcha. Have fun exploring. There's not much to this place, though.
AELITA: Ready to rest a while?
ADAM: Anyway, I overheard \PN and their friends talking to these guys about doing somethin' or whatever.
Next time we fight it out, it'll be on MY turf and don't you forget it!
AELITA: Gyah!!
AELITA: You jerks! What was that for?!
GRUNT: Sorry girly~! Maybe next time watch where you're going?
GRUNT2: Yeah, just because we're in a truce doesn't mean we gotta be nice to you.
AELITA: Idiots, you wanna fight?
GRUNT1: Oh what? You fight us? You're on our turf, hun.
AELITA: Fine then, bring it!
Wh-What? No!
This is awkward...
GRUNT1: Man, are you kidding? We lost to her?
AELITA: Now stop making a scene and go run off somewhere already.
GRUNT1: We won't forget this...
AELITA: That's okay! I will.
GRUNT2: Tch...
AELITA: We were awesome!!! As usual! Tee-hee.
At this rate, things won't go as badly as I thought. Considering the position I'm in... or will be.
GRUNT1: Ahah, you lost! This idiot thought she could actually make a difference.
GRUNT2: As if. She's still that weak tyke from that poor 'ol village.
AELITA: It's fine, I take losses well these days.
Congratulations, you won. Run off now.
GRUNT1: Wow, that's sad. Acting like she won when she didn't.
GRUNT2: I think they call that denial.
GRUNT: This girl's gotta ton of that! Let's get outta here. We don't want to catch the denial disease.
AELITA: I gotta learn to accept losses. Considering the position I'm in... or will be.
Let's settle down for a bit though, kay?
AELITA: You and your Pokemon must feel real tired after everything, yeah?
Why don't we perk ourselves up a little?
Check this out,\| Audino, do your thing!
AUDINO: Audino!
AELITA: Isn't that refreshing? I feel great! Thank you, Audino!
Oh, I guess I should explain where this Audino came from.
While visiting the Spring of Preservation, I came across this man named Kreiss.
I told him about my adventures and about you! Turns out, you two knew each other!
We went on this huge adventure and it was so epic and crazy!
Th-That's a long story though. Maybe I'll tell it later.
Anyway, this Audino belongs to his partner. Who apparently runs the new Normal Gym in Neverwinter.
Audino here specializes in healing, and that's especially true while in her Mega form.
She's been a real big help. We won't have to rely on Pokemon Centers or healing stars with her around!
AUDINO: Audino!!
AELITA: Only problem is that Audino can't stay a Mega forever.
Eventually she'll revert back into her original form and then her healing won't be as powerful.
Kreiss loaned me a Mega Ring and an Audinite, but I haven't gotten it to actually work yet.
Guess our bond just isn't strong enough yet...
AELITA: Oh well! It can't be helped! Eventually things'll get going, I just know it.
In the meantime, I have a real juicy story to tell while we wait.
It involves our dear friend Texen. I bet you're interested now!
So, whaddya say?
NASTASIA: Well, well, well, look who decided to show up.
Good, now that everyone's here I can explain what the deal is.
ELI: Hello, \PN! It's nice to see you again. Isn't the weather just amazing?
SHARON: Eli, that was very good, but this isn't the time to practice your English.
ELI: Oh, please forgive me! I've just been learning so much that I want to show everyone how far I've come!
SHARON: S-Stop being so cute, it's killing the mood.
NASTASIA: Talk any more and I'll have you both thrown out of this ship.
Watching both of you WALK all the way back to HQ? Wonder how cute that'll be?
SHARON: Affirmative.
NASTASIA: What did I just say, Selene?
SHARON: ...
NASTASIA: Now that that's out of the way.\| Where was I?\| Oh, yes.
As you all know, Bladestar attacked the building the Grand Dream Ball took place at.
As a result, the building was destroyed and a lot of civilians are gone.
Some citizens, like Cassandra and Erin, have yet to be found and are now labeled as "missing".
Anyone who survived the attack were immediately transported to the Hospital of Hope.
This was no different for Melia, and the other two.
Thanks to certain connections we have, we were able to retrieve the bodies of all three.
HUEY: Y-You have them? Are they on the ship?
NASTASIA: Of course they are, now let me finish-
RHODEA: Hold on a moment. How do you have strong enough connections to pull three people out of a hospital?
This is very interesting to me, as a community manager, of course.
NASTASIA: Shut your mouth. You won't get any answers from me.
RHODEA: ...
NASTASIA: Excellent.\| As of this moment, they are on the decline. They won't survive much longer.
The life support in their pods are the only things keeping them active.
Which, by the way, only last for 32 hours.
But we can save them if we can bring their bodies to the\c[6] Spring of Rejuvenation.
Thanks to Ren's hard work and intel, I've learned that the spring is located deep within the Eclysia Pyramid.
You weren't in Aevium when it happened, but the citizens of the Terrial Region felt an extremely violent tremor 5 years ago.
The source led back to the northern most part of the desert.
Once an empty lot filled with nothing, was now the home of a giant pyramid.
Even when the pyramid unearthed itself, it was completely locked up.
It's still completely locked up to this day, with no one knowing how to open it.
Except, me of course. My research has given me an answer.
I just need to confirm it one last time before I can say that it'll work for sure.
In fact, I just sent another one of your friends to go fetch that very same data for me.
She should be here any mo-
AELITA: I got the info you needed. Is this all?
AELITA: ...!
AELITA: \PN!! \PN!! I missed you!
You won't believe what I've been through during these past few weeks!
There's so much I gotta tell you! You'll be amazed at what-
NASTASIA: Aelita, the data.
AELITA: Right, I'm sorry!
NASTASIA: Good.
NASTASIA: It looks like everything checks out.
Look, if we want this to have even a sliver of a chance at being successful...
We're all going to have to set aside our differences and work together.
Let's make this clear, though. We are not companions.
RHODEA: Obviously.
NASTASIA: *Ahem*... We are merely two groups with a common goal.
AELITA: That may be true, but don't think about pulling any fast ones if this works out.
We know that you all are after the light within Melia!
NASTASIA: So, what do you say. Will you form a temporary truce with us?
NASTASIA: I'm glad to know that you're at least a little bit sensible.
We'll be off immediately then. I'll explain the entire game plan on the way.
So this is how things are going to go-
REN: \PN, please just accept the truce. The stakes here are too large for us to fight any longer.
If we waste too much time, it's over for all three of them!
If you don't trust Nastasia, that's fine, but at least trust me when I say there's no foul play behind this.
NASTASIA: Tch, I don't need your trust anyway. Cooperation is enough, thank you.
Whatever, I'm making you cooperate, and that's that.
Alright, here's what we're going to do-
NASTASIA: What was that?
REN: No idea... I'll go check it out.
NASTASIA: No, you stay here. \PN, Aelita. Go check out that noise.
AELITA: O-Okay, we'll go check it out. C'mon, \PN.
NASTASIA: Go check out that noise. Right now.
NASTASIA: Are there any objections to this plan?
REINA: Not really, no, but what's going to happen once we get there?
RHODEA: Let's worry about getting there first.
REINA: (Don't remember asking you, but okay go off...)
REN: Defeating the Rift was \PN and I's original job. So this works out perfectly.
AELITA: Just leave it to us. We'll take care of everything.
HUEY: Team B stands for Team Best! Best Team is Best!
NASTASIA: Thanks, I despise it.
Now that we're all familiar with what we need to get done, we can disperse.
It's going to take us about 8 hours to reach our destination so go do something productive.
I'll make an announcement when we're about to land.
The doors have been locked tight by Nastasia.
NASTASIA: The makeshift transporter Geara and his Grunts made was pretty poor.
It used the psychic power from two Abra.
As you could imagine, something like that wouldn't be too stable.
In fact, it wasn't stable at all, and what Crescent did didn't help either.
As a result, Geara's self was corrupted and split into a thousand pieces.
You hear me? A THOUSAND PIECES.
Pieces that I've been locating one by one and putting back together.
As of this current moment, I've only located 898 pieces.
Do you want to know what kind of hell I've been through?
GEARA: ...Nastasia...
NASTASIA: He spoke? What? That shouldn't be possible...
NASTASIA: Right, that happens too.\| Would be interesting to look at if it didn't hurt like hell.
GEARA: I just want you all to know...
GEARA: THAT THIS REALLY FRIGGIN' HURTS.
FIX ME ALREADY...!!!!
NASTASIA: I'm working on it. You just sit there and do... Whatever it is you're doing.
That's all I really want to show you. You may leave now.
REN: If you're in trouble, just call my name. I'll come runnin'.
NASTASIA: Coincidentally, it seems like Team B and C have all made it back.
We'll be making our way to Eclysia Pyramid immediately.
We only have four hours left.
\f[NP1_1]REN: Gotcha, then we'll start heading towards the pyramid ourselves.
\f[NP1_1]See you later, Nastasia.
NASTASIA: ...Sigh. Soon. Soon this will all be over.
NASTASIA: Ah, Braixen. I was just about to call you.
I'm almost done with that translator, but we should do a quick test run.
NASTASIA: There, try saying something.
BRAIXEN: Something.
BRAIXEN: It works perfectly!
NASTASIA: No, it doesn't. It'll short out after like 5 minutes. I got to work on that. So give it back.
BRAIXEN: Before that, I need you to make me something. Please listen carefully...
GRUNT: You ain't allowed in the cockpit. Go away.
Use the Recovery Component?
Your entire party was healed!
RECOVERY COMPONENT AUTOHEAL FEATURE ONLINE.
ELI: That was a very scary sound, don't you agree, \PN? Are you afraid? Fearful?
ELI: Greetings, \PN! Isn't this a wonderful day to travel?
ELI: You won! I can't believe you did it! I'm in awe! Please, keep getting stronger!
SHARON: I can't tell if that's sarcasm or if it's just annoying optimism.
Either way, stop it.
ELI: Halting.
SHARON: Just say "stop"! It's not that hard!
ELI: Affirmative.
SHARON: EGGRGHRHH, never mind.
ELI: Ah, Aelita! Welcome! It's great to witness you, as always!
SHARON: Just say "see". Yes?
ELI: Oh okay, got it! It's good to see you, Aelita!
AELITA: Ahah... It's good to see you too, Eli.
REN: Well go on, follow Nastasia. It'll make a little more sense.
REN: You saw him, right? Pretty bad shape.
But Nastasia is determined to save him. So I think he'll be just fine.
???: Auudi!
AUDINO: Auddi!
AELITA: Oh, Audino! Did you find anything back there?
AELITA: Hm... I see. In that case, we'll go check as planned.
AELITA: Oof, I'm sorry! I didn't introduce you to Audino.
\PN, this Audino is accompanying me on my journey for a little while.
I'll go into that whole thing a bit later. For now we gotta go check what that noise was!
GRUNT: Does anyone really know how to fly this thing? Not so sure...
SHARON: If someone attacks you, just call us, or something.
On second thought, nah. Don't call us. We won't make it on time.
SHARON: So like, we got time to kill and all...
If you wanna pass some time by battling, I wouldn't exactly say no.
ELI: Oh yes, that would be so much fun! Let us embark on our violent journey at once!
Battle with Eli and Sarah?
I mean, yeah. Did we expect anything different?
SHARON: Oh nooo... We lost? Didn't see that one coming, right Eli?
ELI: Oh darn! I thought we actually had you this time! So sad!
Next time though, we'll work even harder to defeat you! Yes we will!
Until then, please have a marvelous and productive day, \PN!
SHARON: Teaching you English was a mistake. A complete mistake.
SHARON: Wait, we actually won? HAHA.
If you lost to us, then yeesh...
Because lemme tell you, that's EMBARRASSING.
ELI: You did remarkably well! I'm so proud of you. I remember when we first met at Goldenwood! So much fun!
Stop praising them. They lost. That's not how this works.
SHARON: *Shrugs*
ELI: How very disappointing! I was looking forward to a friendly sparring session with me and my friends!
Perhaps reconsider?
SHARON: What? You won. What else do you want?
We don't have anything to give you so just leave us alone.
SHARON: What? Aelita? Aren't you supposed to be out there with your team?
AELITA: Yeah, but I...
AELITA: Wait... What am I doing here?
SHARON: I asked you that first.
AELITA: I'm not sure... I was just compelled to, I guess?
SHARON: Well go be compelled somewhere else!
REINA: So we seriously gotta wait 8 hours to get to our destination?
Didn't those Bladestar idiots warp us into the Badlands in like... no time flat?
I thought Team Xen was supposed to be the big bad. Too bad, so sad.
REINA: Finally, we made it. That was soooo boring.
REINA: What the... Hey, you're supposed to be on the field!
AELITA: I know, I just had to come back for um, something.
REINA: *Squints*
AELITA: No time to use this PC. I gotta... Uh, do whatever it is I came here for?
Stasis Pod: Melia\nStatus: Critical
HUEY: Alice and Allen are in these pods... I didn't know them well, but they were fun to have around.
They didn't deserve this...
REINA: No one deserves this. They survived, they were lucky.
Let's just take that luck and turn it into a full blown miracle, yeah?
HUEY: Yeah, you're right. Thanks Reina!
HUEY: Aelita? What are you doing here?
AELITA: I'm not so sure myself... Maybe I should just go back.
REINA: You better! Don't leave \v[12] and my brother alone!
AELITA: I-I'm sorry!
ADAM: This is a pretty nice place! Maybe I'll take a quick nap.
ADAM: Z.z..z.Z...
RHODEA: Be careful. You never know.
NASTASIA: Hmph, finally made your way up here then?
Fine then, c'mere.
REN: Don't be too intimidated by her, \PN. She's a total softy. She just won't admit it.
NASTASIA: Hm... Ren, I think it may have slipped my mind.
But I recall programming self destruct somewhere on your system.
Now, all of your functions can be accessed from my PC, so...
Hypothetically speaking, if I were to log on and-
REN: I get it, I'll keep my mouth closed. Self destructing is not pleasant.
NASTASIA: That's what I thought, Mr. R- Er, Ren.
REN: Hmph.
NASTASIA: Anyway, I wanted to ask you something \PN.
That Black Box I gave Ren to give to you. Did you make any use of it?
NASTASIA: I see... In that case, I won't delve further into it.
I'm sure you'll figure out its secrets eventually.
NASTASIA: Tch, that's annoying.
REN: I've been hearing that noise a lot lately. Is everything going okay?
NASTASIA: No everything's not going "okay". Everything's going piss poor and I'm angry.
Who knew reconstructing every single cell of a person could be so difficult.
My mother could do this with her eyes closed and I can't even get close without bugging something out.
REN: Hm... Is there anything I can do to help?
NASTASIA: Ren, you ask me this question all the time and the answer is always no.
This is something I have to work on myself because only I can do it correctly.
Besides, there's something else that needs to be done and Madame X can't-
...
It doesn't matter. It's just going to take time. Time that I'm running out of.
REN: Yikes, Nastasia. Look at \PN's face. They look so lost.
NASTASIA: In that case, let me enlighten them. Follow me.
Stasis Pod: Alice\nStatus: Critical
AELITA: It's awful, isn't it... What Bladestar did...
It's because of them that our friends ended up like this.
I wanted to use Audino's healing, but Nastasia said it was too risky to take them out of their containers to do so.
Melia, Alice, Allen... and even Erin too, but no one can find her.
If... If Erin didn't survive that blast. I swear to everything that I'll avenge her.
Erin did so much for me. She went out of her way to make sure I was safe.
She made sure I came home alive and well, back when I was trapped within that Rift.
Bladestar won't get away with this. I've gotten stronger, and I'll use that strength to make things right!
When, and if that moment comes. Will you help me?
AELITA: Heheh, yeah we are! We've been a team from the beginning!
We'll make this right, \PN. I just know it.
AELITA: I see... Maybe you're right. I have to stop relying on others to give me strength.
I'll make things work out, \PN. I promise you that!
AELITA: That noise again! It's even louder than before.
Whatever's going on, it's happening in the next room...
RHODEA: We may be working with them for now, but don't let your guard down.
Who knows what these criminals are planning?
RHODEA: Did something happen? Why are you not with your crew?
AELITA: No, I just, um...
RHODEA: Well whatever it is, make it quick \v[12]
RHODEA: E-Excuse me, I meant Aelita. I have no idea why I said \v[12].
AELITA: Haha... Don't worry about it. I'll get going now, though.
HUEY: Th-This is kinda spooky... Wonder what that noise was?
NASTASIA: That's it. Shoo off. I have work to do.
Stasis Pod: Allen\nStatus: Critical
AELITA: And that's basically what happened.
NASTASIA: Normally, I'd be annoyed, but this couldn't be more beneficial.
AELITA: There's one last thing, this Braixen-
NASTASIA: Is missing the communication device handed to her by Saki Blakeory?
AELITA: Y-Yes, that's right, but how did you know that?
NASTASIA: I have very detailed reports on each and every one of you.
This is included with photographs, behavior analysis-
REN: It means she has all of your information logged down in her database.
Which means that she was able to notice the difference between Braixen now and the one she had noted.
NASTASIA: Yes, \|that.
AELITA: I'm... Not sure how I feel about knowing that information.
NASTASIA: It exists already, get over it.
As for this Braixen, I'll see what I can muster up in my lab.
It's going to take a while, and I still have to tend to Geara's recovery, so it'll take a while.
Now that all those distractions are done with, how about we proceed finally?
Yes? Good? Good.
Get it rolling!
HUEY: W-Wah, what's happening??
REINA: I think that means we're just moving.
HUEY: Oh, phew. Thought we were going to get teleported into another dimension.
RHODEA: Children, enough chatter. Let's hear what Nastasia has to say.
NASTASIA: Ahem...
REINA: Why's everyone getting their panties in a twist over a lil noise?
It's probably a Raticate or something. Just shoo it away.
Locked shut.
Locked.
Stasis Pod: Geara\nStatus: Alright I guess.
"Stat-
NASTASIA: Move away from there. That's none of your business.
Get started!
Give me a sec.
Rest a while
I'm going to go explore
Fine...
There's no way.
Yes
No
We're a team!
You have to do it alone.
[Map590]
Please show this rambunctious youth what he deserves!
Win, ok? Win now.
TEXEN: Aelita, what the hell is all this?!
AELITA: These are your villagers. The ones you're supposed to guide.
Surely you know that, right?
TEXEN: I meant what are they doing here!
AELITA: It's custom for the villagers to gather when there's a battle with the Sensei.
Which just so happens to be you.
TEXEN: Grr... Fine, whatever. Let's get this over with.
TEXEN: You'll be sorry...
Make us proud, Aelita. I have faith.
TEXEN: Babe, wait just a min-
TEXEN: What the-?! Aelita?! What the hell are you doing back here?
After what you did to me... I'll never forget.
AELITA: I'm here to take back what belongs to me.
TEXEN: And what exactly belongs to you? If I remember correctly, this land was given to ME.
AELITA: Quick question. What did you do to the cherry blossom that used to be in the old house?
TEXEN: What? That's random. Whatever. I had some people chop it down and turn it into furniture.
AELITA: ...
Let's fight for the ownership of Sheridan.
TEXEN: Have you gone mad, or are you just this stupid?
There ain't no way I'm giving this up. It's MINE.
AELITA: Then you're afraid of losing?
TEXEN: Of course I'm not, idiot.
AELITA: Then battle me for it. If you're confident, then why not?
TEXEN: Alright, alright. You know what? Fine, let's battle for it.
But I get to make up the terms.
AELITA: And they are?
TEXEN: If you win, you get to be the Sensei or whatever. Take back this dump.
But if I win, you gotta leave this place forever and accept that it's mine.
Oh, and you gotta give me a kiss. Right on the lips too-
AELITA: I accept.
TEXEN: E-Eager to accept? Damn, this girl is BEGGING to lose.
They always come back running, don't they? Hahaha, fine! Let's do this thing.
AELITA: Are you really sure this is going to work?
\c[5]???: If you follow through, all the pieces shall fall into place.
AELITA: If you say so. The stage is set.
\c[5]???: Good luck. Believe in yourself.
You? Beat Texen? Not today, sister!
NADIA: Gramma and I are rooting for you! We can't stand this guy!
You've grown a lot, Aelita. I remember when you were just a wee one.
Texen's soooo gonna win. You'll see!
SAMANTHA: You got this, Aelita. Show this jerk your power!
Hruuaghh!!! You better kick his ass!!
TEXEN: Stop wasting my time! Fight me already!
What a disgusting child. If you lose, I'm leaving. Just saying.
Zz...Z.z...
Keta would not stand for such a leader. Make him eat his words!
TEXEN: Don't think that you're gonna walk in here and sweep me like \v[12] did!
I never would've accepted that battle if I knew \v[12] was so strong.
Do you know how much of my pride and reputation was broken by that?! A lot!
So I've trained... Oh have I trained! Get ready!
AELITA: All I've heard from you is "I've done this", and "I've done that".
You better be ready to show, not tell.
TEXEN: I intend to you stupid little-
AELITA: Just shut up and fight already!
NO! NO! NO! WHY?! Why again?! I got stronger this time!
AELITA: And that's it.
TEXEN: What do you mean "That's it"?! I-I don't accept this!
AELITA: You already accepted it,\| Texen.
Your defeat was destined the moment you said yes.
TEXEN: What? You mean you knew I was going to lose?
If you call that confidence, then you're just as high as me.
\c[5](???: Aelita, let's follow through.)
(AELITA: Hold on, I'm going to give him one last chance.)
\c[5](???: ...)
\c[5](As you wish.)
AELITA: Texen, come speak with me. Face to face.
TEXEN: What for? You already won. There's no point.
AELITA: Just do it, please.
TEXEN: ...
TEXEN: I'm here you naggy asshole. What now?
AELITA: Why did you want to become the Sensei of this village?
TEXEN: What? That's what you brought me over here for?!
I became the Sensei because I COULD! Is that good enough of an answer for you?
AELITA: Is that really the reason?
TEXEN: Yes that's the reason. What of it?
AELITA: And you have no regrets? You knew what the job entailed, right?
TEXEN: Exactamundo, dumbass! That's what I've been saying from the very beginning!
AELITA: And that's that...?
TEXEN: And that's\ts[1] just that.
AELITA: Sigh... I tried.
TEXEN: I didn't.
AELITA: Maybe the reason you joined was because of your sister.
TEXEN:\ts[1] What did you just say?
AELITA: It's because everyone knew you for being Risa Raider's little brother.
"Who's that kid? Oh, who knows? I know his sister, though."
TEXEN: Aelita, shut the-
AELITA: "Wow! Risa and Zumi did so much at their age?
TEXEN: Goddamn you Aelita, I'll-
AELITA: "But that Texen? He's not important. He's just following in his sibling's shadows."
TEXEN: You're... It's... It's not true... It's not true! It's not true!
TEXEN: Wha?!
AELITA: Texen!
AELITA: ...I really wish I didn't have to do that.
[Map591]
The lever won't budge...
REN: Well... We found them.
AELITA: More Bladestar creeps. We can take 'em!
REN: Definitely. \PN, you're with me. Aelita, you take-
AELITA: Um... I don't know about this anymore.
REN: Why are there so many Bladestar members here?
I know they control the area, but I've never seen this many before.
GRUNT: We were ordered to slow you all down.
After all, we want what's inside the Eclysia Pyramid for ourselves.
REN: ...Bladestar's after the pyramid too? But why?!
GRUNT: That doesn't concern us! All we know is that we're getting our hands on whatever's in there first!
We already have a Bladestar Admin on their way to the entrance as we speak.
Soon we'll get what's ours and you'll be left with nothing!
AELITA: Hnngh... They're here to waste our time, but we got no choice but to fight...
???: Nah, just leave this to us.
AELITA: R-Rhodea?!
???: Us too!
ADAM: Awww yeah! What a rush! Adam Might is here to save the day!
REN: Reina, Huey, Sharon-- Everyone! What are you doing here?
SHARON: Don't get the wrong idea. We're not here because we wanna be.
REINA: Um, speak for yourself, dipwad. I came here to help my friends and my brother out.
SHARON: Hmph... We're here because Nastasia ordered us.
You guys suddenly appeared off her radar and she got worried about Ren.
Seems like our boss has a soft spot for that emo kid. That's not fair at all.
ELI: Indeed! We've worked for a long time and still no promotion! Very depressing.
RHODEA: Focus, people. We got a job to do.
HUEY: Yeah! Let's show these Bladestar idiots who they're dealing with!
SHARON: Sigh, if you insist.
REN: But-
REINA: We got this, Ren! Your job is to find the Dispensable Rift, right?
REN: Er... Dimensional.
REINA: If you don't find that thing right away, it'll cause us more trouble.
And I'm talking Aunt Rina's "I can't find my meds!", "I'm going to pop everyone in this house" trouble!
You remember her 57th birthday party, right?
REN: We gotta go!\| Right now!\| Right now!
AELITA: E-Er, okay! Good luck everyone. And thank you!
HUEY: First Uncle Leo and now Aunt Rina?
REINA: Our family is... \| complicated.
AELTIA: Hm... I should probably wait for everyone else to get here.
\PN found a key! It has the name "Lux Apartments" written on the side of it.
AELITA: Okay, I don't have a mon with Strength, but it's by the edge, right?
Maybe I can get away with just a lil push!
AELITA: Hrggh...
AELITA: There! Now \v[12] can cross safely now!
REN: I don't think everyone else got to the end just yet.
Should probably just wait.
AELITA: Two times? No problem! I got this!
AELITA: Hrggh...!!
AELITA: \v[12] is all ready to rock and roll!
REN: Looks like you could use some help.
AELITA: Would be very much appreciated!
REN: Alright, gonna give you a boost! Get ready!
REN: I give that landing a solid 8!
AELITA: Aw, what? Only an 8? I thought that landing was pretty good...
At LEAST a 9, you know?
Ah well, I'll try harder next time!
REN: Let's make sure next time is after this whole mess.
I'm sure the others would like to see your crazy acrobatic skills too.
AELITA: You're right! I'm fired up! Gotta keep moving!
AELITA: Hey, are you two okay? Nothing broken, right?
REN: I'm fine. I don't really, uh... Well, breaking a bone or something isn't really an issue.
AELITA: Oh right, artificial body. I forgot.
Anyway, anyone know where we ended up?
REN: I don't think we ended up where the Rift is, that's for sure.
Another detour isn't good. We should make a move immediately.
AELITA: Yeah, and of course, this is a group effort!
If anyone needs help, just use the transmitters.
REN: Gotcha. Let's move, gang!
<<[>>Press A to switch to Ren, Aelita, You'll need their help to get through!<<]>>
AELITA: Hehe, alright! Good job guys!
REN: Heh, yeah, we do make a pretty good team.
AELITA: Now that that's over with... How much longer of this do you think we have to get through?
REN: This place can't be large at all. I'm sure we'll find an opening to the surface sooner or later.
AELITA: That and Bladestar is down here too. Which means they had to have a way to get down here, right?
REN: Exactly. We follow Bladestar, we find the exit.
AUDINO: Audiii!
REN: Thanks Audino, I really needed that.
AELITA: Yeah, you're doing an awesome job!
REN: Okay, gotta keep going.
AELITA: Right!
\PN found a Zygarde Cell!
\PN put the Zygarde Cell in the Gather Cube!
Aw... Did the poor wittle baby fall into our trap? That must suck!
So strong! Is this why you're feared among us?
Wonder what will become of all of us?
Switch?
HEALING PARTY...
This trap was designed to trap ONE person. Who said you could have friends?
I don't have any friends! How dare you be happy!
I don't need friends anyway. They disappoint me.
So what are you guys doing here? It better not be what I think it is...
Hm... I think I'm right.
Do whatever you like. It won't matter. We've already won.
AELITA: Ah... That's too much of a jump, even for me.
Maybe I need Ren's help...
Ren
Aelita
None
You
[Map592]
[Map593]
MELIA: Rrgh...
MELIA: What the...?\| Where am I?
MELIA: This is like that place where I saw Emma...
Ugh, what was I doing before this? I can't remember...
MELIA: That's right! The Grand Dream Ball! There was an explosion...
Oh no, Erin...!
Augh... My head is killing me...
MELIA: I should take a look around and see what I can find.
MELIA: V-Venam, is that you?
VENAM: ...
MELIA: W-Wait, don't go!
MELIA: D-Dad...? Is that you? No, it can't be...
PROF JENNER: ...
MELIA: Wait, please don't go!
MELIA: ...No. I'm chasing nothing. That's not my Dad. That's not Venam.
But why am I seeing them here? Wherever "here" is?
MELIA: And now here you are, Erin. You've been waiting for me, huh?
Why did you guide me here? Who are you really?
ERIN: You catch on quick, but you really just make it too easy...\| You stupid dullard.
MELIA: Dullard? Oh no... Not you too!
MELIA: M-Melanie!?
MELANIE: 'Ello luv. Care for a cupa tea? It's fresh off the kettle!
MELIA: What are you doing here?! I thought I got rid of you!
MELANIE: Goodness gracious, they don't teach you dullards anything in school anymore.
Don't you even know how overlapping works, you idiot?
MELIA: I only know as much as I've been told.
I overtook you back at Blacksteeple.
MELANIE: Exactly! You took on my spirit. My person, my being.
That doesn't mean I'm gone, it just means I'm hidden within your subconscious.
\c[6]I bet that woman in the mask didn't even know that simple fact.
But can you really blame her? It's not like there's extensive knowledge about this sort of thing, love.
Sigh, that's the burden of being an outlier. You always learn things you aren't supposed to.
MELIA: You're part of my subconscious now...?\| Oh God no...
MELANIE: You think you have it bad? I'm the one here who has to sit here and watch you make stupid decisions.
MELIA: It's been a while since that happened. Why are we just interacting now?
MELANIE: You took a nice hit in the head from some lady with a cap.
You know, after that building blew up into bits?
The explosion caught you off guard and she took that opportunity to... WACK!
What happened after that? I'm in the dark there too.
Guess you're still unconscious. I'm here to wake you up.
MELIA: You're here to help me? Why would you ever want to help me?
Especially after what I did to you.
MELANIE: You stupid dullard! You idiot dumb face!
Did you not hear me when I said that you overtook me? I'm a part of you now!
So if you kick the bucket, I will too! I have no choice in the matter.
Trust me, if I had a way to gain back control, I'd do it in a heartbeat.
But I'm forced to metaphorically sit here and drink metaphorical tea while you screw around like an idiot!
MELIA: I don't want your help. I can do this on my own.
MELANIE: Oh really? As if you haven't had my help already?
MELIA: What are you talking about...?
MELANIE: Remember when Lavender was retelling the events that lead to the reveal of Nim?
And how she told you that Nim was after you in some way?
MELIA: What about it?
MELANIE: Deep down, your true feelings... You felt a certain twist.
You wanted to find Nim yourself and talk things through. A heart-to-heart.\| So touching, it really is.
But I couldn't have you risking your life for some tosser who can't even think for herself.
So I did a little rearranging. Made you feel anger and determination.
MELIA: Y-You messed with my emotions??
MELANIE: I can't do it all the time, and frankly it takes a lot of energy out of me.
But it was for the well-being of... Well,\| I'd say you, but that would be lying!
So now that we have that settled. You need to wake up now!
MELIA: I'm not done talking! You need to-
MELANIE: Well I'm DONE SPEAKING! Wake up now, you daft cow!
And if I ever see you back here again, I'll murder myself... myself!
\ts[2]WAKEEEEEEEE UPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!
And remember. Help sometimes comes from unexpected places~!
???: Sometimes you will have to do things you don't want to.
AELITA: I've never... done something like that to someone.
To manipulate their emotions. To bait a reaction...\| It's just not me.
???: It was necessary for a breakthrough. Wasn't it?
AELITA: Who are you?
???: My name is Kai'ya. I am a friend.
AELITA: I see... \| And will Texen be okay?
KAI'YA: Texen will be fine. He's just unconscious.
After I have a stern conversation with him, I will return him back home.
AELITA: ...
Was it necessary to manipulate Texen the way I did?
KAI'YA: It was what needed to be done for me to access his psyche.
For me to reach someone, they must have their guard down.
And believe it or not, Texen's mental strength is impeccable.
But even the strongest of minds have an opening.
Wrenching open his heart with his one weak point was all that we needed.
AELITA: I don't agree with you. There had to have been another way.
KAI'YA: Perhaps there was, but within the time allotted, it would be hard to say.
Why did you come back here after so long without change?
AELITA: I have changed! I'm not the same girl I was when I first left this village!
KAI'YA: In a sense, this is true. You are not Vivian, nor Taelia anymore.
You've become your own person, Aelita.
AELITA: Y-You know about them?
KAI'YA: I've resided upon the Pinnacle of Carotos for many decades.
I've seen the lives of Vivian, Kenneth and Taelia.
And I too, witnessed your birth. I was the one who placed those shackles onto your heart.
Shackles I knew one day would be broken, in time.
And so, after so long, you've returned with them broken and born anew.
What will you do with this newfound life?
AELITA: After Team Xen is dealt with, I'm going to lead my village.
The village that was left behind for me, and only me.
I'll pick up the pieces and build something greater!
KAI'YA: And do you have what it takes to do so?
Do you know what it means to lead? What it means to sacrifice?
AELITA: I...
KAI'YA: To lead means to put others first. It means to make hard decisions that may jeopardize who you are.
But the results of said decision will bear fruit. The overall cause will be achieved: Longevity.
You expressed disgust towards your actions with Texen, correct?
It was something that clashed with your character, no?
AELITA: It's not something... I'm happy with. I feel disgusting.
KAI'YA: A feeling you must come to terms with. Truthfully, this was your first test.
To do something drastic in an extreme situation.
If Texen continued his lead, the village would've surely fallen.
Besides, Taelia would've done the same.
AELITA: But that's not me... That's not who I am.
KAI'YA: Ah, but that's right... Vivian would've eliminated the problem before it began.
Perhaps you should've attacked Texen head on when you got to Sheridan with \v[12].
AELITA: That's not who I am either!
KAI'YA: Maybe you would've preferred Keta's approach?
Sulking in a corner, letting the problem fester... Until it becomes too much to handle?
I guess... In a way, that's exactly what you've done.
AELITA: It's not right! I don't want to jeopardize who I am to achieve my goals!
I won't become numb like Kenneth,\| I won't become suspicious like Taelia!
And I won't become isolated like Vivian!
I don't care how they would've handled this!
Because I'm not them, and I'll never be them! I'm me!
KAI'YA: Then tell me,\| Just who are you?!
AELITA: I am Aelita!!!!!!
AELITA: ...What is all this?
KAI'YA: This is what I call your "Inner Workings" Your psyche.
A clean slate has been carved for you. Truly now, you are your own person.
But I don't understand... I thought you didn't believe I was?
KAI'YA: The only one who didn't believe was you.
I meant what I said when I told you I'd guide you.
AELITA: I thought you were referring to Texen, but...
KAI'YA: A little confirmation never hurt anyone.
AELITA: Th-Thank you!
I understand now that I am who I am. Just Aelita. No one else.
And as Aelita, I'm going to do my best to bring success.
KAI'YA: Excellent. So now you'll be off?
AELITA: Yes, I'll be on my way to my second destination. The Spring of Preservation.
Oh, and when Texen wakes up. Tell 'em I said hello.
KAI'YA: Will do.
[Map594]
There's a mysterious panel on this tower...
It looks like the Enigmatic Key is a perfect fit!
Use the Enigmatic Key and activate the panel?
You left the panel alone.
CORSOLA: Corsa!
It sounds like a door opened up somewhere in the trench!
The panels reset themselves...
Yes
No
[Map595]
It sounds like a door opened up somewhere in the trench!
The panels reset themselves...
It looks like this door opened up... You should report this back to the person in the submarine!
There's a mysterious panel on this tower...
It looks like the Enigmatic Key is a perfect fit!
Use the Enigmatic Key and activate the panel?
You left the panel alone.
Yes
No
[Map596]
CLAWITZER: Clrrkk!
[Map597]
It seems to be a submarine!
???: Well, well, now isn't this a sight to behold?
There's no need to be afraid, little one. I am talking to you through the sub's intercom.
Can ya see me wavin' behind the glass?\| No?\| Too small?\| Figures.
Anyway, it's rare to see trainers dive here on Route 11. You know, it being so cold and all.
But I guess it's even rarer to see someone down here in a submarine.
Regardless, I have a small proposition for you!
You see, I'm from the Gearen News HQ. I'm working on a... personal project of sorts.
By chance, have you seen any weird tower-like structures around this trench?
???: Ah, and have you noticed the differences in height?
Turns out that is the key to figuring out this whole thing!
???: There are a few towers scattered about down here.
What I've noticed is that they all have a difference in height.
All of them have a panel installed on them that can be activated.
Problem is, well, activating them.
I certainly can't do that from my sub. But perhaps you can do it for me!
From my research, I've gathered that something may happen if you activate the pillars in the order of tallest to shortest.
Could I ask you to do this small favor and activate all the towers in that order?
Thanks hun, I appreciate it!
...Why are you lookin' at me like that? I'll make it worth ya while, I promise.
???: If ya can activate all the towers from tallest to shortest, something might happen!
Could you do this little favor for me, pretty please? I'll make it worth ya while!
???: What was that rumbling before? You've done it, haven't you?
...
I see... So that door by the northern part of the trench opened up?
Oh, that's exactly what I wanted to hear. I'll make my way over to that now!
You should come too, you know?
I have!
Towers? Nope. Explain.
[Map598]
HORSEA: Horrseee!
A door opened up somewhere!
KINGDRA: Draagh!
D-Dragh!!
KINGDRA: D-Dragh...
Kingdra swam off!
Gates have been lowered somewhere!
[Map599]
???: ...!
[Map600]
Locked!
BEN: So we gotta look for a Goomy called "Goomink"?
Shouldn't be too hard. This village is pretty small!
GOOMISNES: BAd! VeRy BAd! I caN't maKe deAl wiTh GraNd DreAm CiTy!
At thIs raTe Me No gEt enouGh monEy To pAy reNt fOr GoomiBa and GoomoRo! GoOm?!
GOOMINK: Goomink ready to fight. Are you?
GOOMINK: Crackapow! Yowza!
OK!\| We fight now, yes?
BEN: Go easy on him, \PN!
YOWCHIES! Goomink was not prepared! YOWOWOWOWOWO!
GOOMINK: Gyyaoowah! Cwawaka! Yowchi ouch!
\PN far<i> too</i> strong for Goomink. Goomink stand no chance!
BEN: You didn't win, but you had some pretty nice moves!
GOOMINK: But good moves no mean anything without strength to back them up!
Grooarhh! Goomink angry! Goomink burn down village!
Only in Goomink's dreams, though. Goomink love village too much to destroy.
BEN: Well, you always have room to improve, little guy!
GOOMINK: Sigh... What can Goomink do to get stronger?
Goomink no have time to beat up random encounters.\| No have patience either, Grooarh!
BEN: If you had a trainer, maybe things would be different.
GOOMINK: Goomink no need trainer! Goomink an individual!
But Goomink would probably no say no to being an apprentice...
\PN very strong! Very cool! Goomink want be apprentice of \PN!
\PN!! Please let Goomink be your apprentice!
GOOMINK: Yay! Goomink very happy!
BEN: Bein' happy is important! It's a good way to get a nice boost.
GOOMINK: If only Goomink knew what happiness truly felt like...
BEN: H-Huh? Goomink, are you okay?
GOOMINK: So, what \PN do to become stronger?
I bet it involve battling very strong opponents and being very cool! \PN very cool!
GOOMINK: Goomink understands! \PN took the league challenge!
That means Goomink will also take on the league!
BEN: Um... I don't know how possible that is, but if you wanna do it then...!
I'm right behind you, Goomink! I believe in ya!
GOOMINK: Heading out into the world is one of Goomink's dream anyway!
Where do trainers start off anyway?
BEN: I believe that would be East Gearen City, but that's sort of hard to get to from here.
GOOMINK: No worries! Goomink will find way.
Goodbye friends, Goomink will remember you all in therapy.
BEN: Well this is awkward. Since Beth always goes to the mainland, I'm stuck at the ranch.
I can't pursue Goomink, but you should be able to in my place.
Make sure he doesn't... die or anything. I'm worried.
GOOMINK: No be that way! Let Goomink be your apprentice!
GOOMINK: Goomink wait!
GOOMINA: GoOM? WelcOme! To GoOmidra!
The Sligknight is unconscious!
BEN: Go easy on the 'lil guy, okay? I'm sure he's having trouble adjusting to combat.
BEN: I can't go to the mainland, but you can! Make sure Goomink doesn't die or anything...
If he's on his way to compete in the Aevium League, then he's probably going to the East Gearen Gym.
B-But how will he get there?
SLIGKNIGHT: HumAn No entEr! HumAn stinKy!
SLIGKNIGHT: DoN't cauSe troubLe In tHe castLe!
SLOOGOR: GoOM? HumAn? In oUr villAge? SliGg?
SLIGKNIGHT: HumAn No entEr CastLe Of GoomidRa withoUt speciAl permissiOn!
???: \PN? Is that really you?
BEN: Wow, you really know how travel, huh?
Not many people know about this place, yeah?
SLIGKNIGHT: Oh, iT's BenNy! TrustEd frieNd Of tHe GooMy KingdOm!
BEN: Now hold on there just a darn minute! How many times I gotta tell y'all that my name ain't Benny!
It's Ben! No "ny" at the end of it, y'hear?
SLIGKNIGHT: UnderstoOd, BenNy!
BEN: Aw... They'll never understand. Whatever, I guess!
Anyway, \PN, would you like to visit the castle?
I'm sure if I ask they'll let you in as well!
SLIGKNIGHT: FrieNd of BenNy, frieNd Of tHe castLe!
BEN: Well, ya heard them! Let's go!
GOOMU: GoOM? HumAn heRe To sEe GoOmy heRo? GoOm!
SLOOGOR: Me waNt yoguRt! SligGo!
"GoomiNk's HouSe!!"
"KingdOm Of GoomidRa! No catchiNg allowEd, GoOm!"
SLIGKNIGHT: No runniNg! No falliNg! No dyiNg!
GOOMINA: HumAn heRe To meEt princeSs? GoOm? PrinceSs GoomelDa?
SLOOGINI: GoOM?! GoOm treAt SloogiNi differeNt becauSe SloogiNi speciAl!
SloogiNi destrOy thEm aLl! SloogiNi taKe everyoNe to couRt fOr aLl Of theIr valuablEs!
Yes
No
Uh... Sure
Not a chance
[Map601]
GOOMINK: ...!
Huh? You say you looking for Goomink? Sorry, but that not me!
Maybe take a look next door? I hear Goomink live there.
BEN: Hey \PN, I think Goomink lives here! There's a sign right outside that says "Goomink's House!"
GOOMINK: Oh no... Goomink forget he put sign outside.
Wroaar! Goomink kick himself later, but... Friends right. I am Goomink.
You're here because Goomink was called to be Goomelda's personal guard.
But Goomink no know why they pick him... Goomink very weak and afraid...
BEN: Huh, guess she was right... This little guy is timid.
GOOMINK: Goomelda say that about Goomink?\| Goomink very ashamed...
BEN: But it's OK! Goomelda wants you to become stronger so she asked us for help.
GOOMINK: You think Goomink can be powerful? Hm...
So what we do then?
BEN: Um, I dunno. I didn't really think this far ahead.
GOOMINK: Crackapow! Krrrtttt!
BEN: Are... Are doin' okay?
GOOMINK: Oh yes! Goomink just get an idea!
Goomink want to spar with one of you! Maybe can gather strength with fight!
BEN: I'm okay with sparring with you!
GOOMINK: Hm... Are you strong?
BEN: Ahah! Not really! These aren-
GOOMINK: What about your friend? What name?
BEN: \PN? They're pretty strong, yeah.
GOOMINK: Goomink want fight \PN then!
BEN: Um, for someone who claims to be timid... That's pretty brave.
GOOMINK: Goomink will be able to know more by fighting more tougher opponents!
Please meet Goomink outside! Very excited!
BEN: Somehow I don't think this is gonna go well.
Don't destroy him, okay? Haha...
GOODOMI: Human? O... Goodomi no usually have human here.
But if human want sleep, please use the bottom right bed.
GOODOMI: WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE IT'S OVER. IT'S JUST OVER, GODDAMNIT!
On the brightside, we're full of vacancies! Have a blessed night!
GOOMIE: MONCH MONCH MONCH MONCH MONCH MONCH MONCH MONCH MONCH.
\PN's team was fully healed!
GOOMLALA: Me SleEp! Go SleEp too!
SLIGGOGO: SliggoGo knigHt! BUt It breAk tiMe. NighTy nigHt.
GOOMBINA: MushrooMs tasTy! MushrooMs veRy, veRy taSty! GimMe mushrooMs!
GoombiNa teaCh yOu goOd moVe fOr mushroOm!
SoMe GooMs tRy To traDe moVe fOr heaRt scaLe bUt GoombiNa No liKe HeaRt ScalEs! HeaRt ScalEs stinKy!!
Give Goomy a Tiny Mushroom?
GOOMBINA: GoooOoooOOOO!
GOOMBINA: No haVe mushroOm! BegoNe!
GOOMBINA: GoooOOOOM!!!
Give Goomy a Big Mushroom?
GOOMINK: Welcome to Goomink's house, \PN!
I bet you wondering what Goomink up to now?
Goomink training to be leader of the Royal Guard!
But it a lot of work and Goomink have to fight even stronger foes...
But Goomink can do it thanks to \PN! \PN very cool!
GOODAMI: Hm? Goodami never seen you before. You must be new here.
Goodami no see actual humans in village often.
Only two other humans ever visit Kingdom of Goomidra.
Welcome to Kingdom of Goomidra, human!
GOOMATORA: MushrooMs fOr movEs!
Give Goomy two Big Mushrooms?
GOOMATORA: GOOOOOM!
GOOMATORA: NOOOO!
Give Goomy 3 Big Mushrooms?
Give Goomy three Big Mushrooms?
SLIGGYLI: CRONCH CRONCH CRONCH CRONCH CRONCH CRONCH CRONCH.
GOOME: GooMe FiNd theSe In dungeOn In castLe!
GOOMZA: GoOm Go On fieLd trIp To DarchligHt WooDs In 3 weeKs! ARe yOu proUd Of GoomZa?
Seed Bomb| Tiny Mush.
Dragon Pulse | Big Mush.
Pain Split | Big Mush
Cya.
Yes
No
Liquidation| 2 Big Mush.
Drill Run | 3 Big Mush.
Stomp Tantrum | 3 Big Mush.
More
Zen Headbutt | 3 Big Mush.
Gastro Acid | 1 Tiny Mush
These are boring, bye!
[Map602]
SLIGKNIGHT: ThIs Is PrinceSs GoomelDa's chambEr! YOu mAy entEr!
The Sligknight is unconscious!
Locked.
SLIGKNIGHT: It tOo haRd To moVe! ArmOr tOo heaVy!
SLIGKNIGHT: Do NOt cauSe troubLe!
GOOMELDA: Welcome \PN! Have you visited the garden by chance?
Goomelda open it up to the public after attack. Everyone should get stronger!
Maybe you find Goomy friend to take with you on your journey?
SLIGKNIGHT: CastLe GardEn nOt opEn To everyoNe! PleaSe leaVe!
KING GOODROH: Please visit Princess Goomelda in her room upstairs.
KING GOODROH: \PN, Goomink, Ben... I must owe you--
No, not just you, but the entire Kingdom of Goomidra an apology.
Goomelda was right to say that we have become complacent within our roles.
And I must emphasize on the word "role". We were put here for a purpose.
GOOMINK: That mean King and Queen not really King and Queen?
QUEEN GOODRAH: No, Goodroh and Goodrah still rule over this land.
However, we did not inherit this land, or this castle.
BEN: In that case, who owned this castle?
QUEEN GOODRAH: This castle exist for hundreds of centuries.
It be the castle that rule over one of the\c[6] Seven Kingdoms.
You hear about the Seven Kingdoms before, no?
They were seven houses that ruled over this region.
All seven fell by the end of\c[6] The Great Pokemon War.
This castle belonged to the Kasura Kingdom.\| Ruled by Empress Kasura.
BEN: So... the Empress handed this castle to you?
QUEEN GOODRAH: No, unfortunately, no one from the Kasura Kingdom survived.
\c[6]This castle was given to us by a woman who adopted the castle as her own.
But Goodrah believes that it will be better if Goomelda explain that part.
GOOMINK: Where Goomelda?
KING GOODROH: Goomelda waits within the ruins. Down the east hall.
GOOMINK: Okay, Goomink go speak to Goomelda then!
KING GOODROH: So soon? What about your reward?
GOOMINK: Goomink no need actual reward. Kingdom's safety enough.
QUEEN GOODRAH: Goomink is very noble. Our Kingdom will not forget your kindness.
GOOMINK: Hehe.
BEN: I don't need any reward either. The honey's all we need down at the farm. Give my reward to \PN.
KING GOODROH: Understood.
KING GOODROH: \PN for helping out Goomidra, we would like to present you with this token of thanks.
QUEEN GOODRAH: This was to be Ben's reward, but he wishes for it to go to you.
KING GOODROH: Goomelda find that while on a stroll, but she didn't like it.
I remember her saying it was "Big Stinky", but Goodroh has trouble understanding...
KING GOODROH: Thank you for everything you've done for us, \PN. Thank you!
KING GOODROH: If you wish to see Goomelda, she's a the ruins east of here.
KING GOODROH: Goomelda tell me everything that happened in the ruins!
To think that scoundrel hurt my darling Princess! I've got him locked up for all this!
BEN: Who's she? Can that be...
GOOMELDA: Yes, that Kasumi. Empress of the Kasura Kingdom.
According to journals found, this Kasumi's favorite room in all of castle!
BEN: Wow, she sure is pretty. Wonder what she was like?
GOOMELDA: Kind. Loving.\| Texts suggest that she was loved by many!
Nyeh... Unfortunately, Kasumi meet a cruel end as her kingdom fell.
Queen of Ghovora, Griselda, had her executed.
Kingdom of Kasura and Ghovora had direct conflict with each other.
Kasumi was pacifist. Griselda thought that to be weak-- It antagonized her.
GOOMINK: That terrible... But if Kasumi no give King and Queen kingdom, then who?
GOOMELDA: This castle was given to the Goomy-
???: Head Smash!
EMBOAR: Braoooh!!!
GENRI: I told you I'd be back! Betcha didn't think so soon, eh?
GOOMELDA: Y-You stinky... Team AA! You still persist?!
GENRI: Be quiet, Princess! I have a score to settle with you!
Because of you I had to (embarrassingly) explain what happened to the boss!
I got 10 demerits! I also got time-out! Did you hear me?! I got a time-out!!!
Me being suave and persuasive, I got another chance!
But this time, the boss lended me her strongest Pokemon! Big Betty!
GOOMELDA: *Gulp* Why they call her "big"? That no nice!
GENRI: Shut up!\| Betty, take down Goomelda!
GOOMINK N-No touch Princess Goomelda!
GENRI: Huh?
GOOMINK: G-Goomink is... HERO! Goomink no let you hurt Princess!
GENRI: You? A "hero"? The only reason you got so strong was because of your friends.
But it looks like, to me, that your friends can't help you right now.
So what is a lonely Goomy to do?
GOOMINK: Grrrgh... Goomink no give up! I will protect Princess!
GOOMELDA: Goomink...!
GENRI: Sigh, they never get the bigger picture! Loser!
Fine, fall to Big Betty!
BIG BETTY: Braoooh!!!
Oh, you beat Big Betty! Or did you?!
GENRI: Not bad, Goomink. Not bad at all. But there's no way you can fully take down Big Betty with that strength.
GOOMINK: This thing stronger than Kypapopiko...
GENRI: It's Kawopudunga, and no it's not. You just had help back then.
GOOMINK: Gyahh!!
This one tougher... Than Kawopodingo...
GENRI: No it's not. You just had help. You pathetic Goomy.
You see what happens when you rely too much on others?
When you're thrown into the ring by yourself, you're nothing!
Big Betty, send this Goomy to the grave!
BIG BETTY: Graoooh!!
GOOMELDA: Nooo!!!!
GOOMINK: Wh-Why Goomelda do that?!
GOOMINK: Goomelda!!
GOOMELDA:\ts[1] G-Goomink already do so much... And this all Goomelda's fault.
\ts[1]It least Goomelda can do... Because Goomink no stinky...
\c[6]\ts[1]Goomink... Real hero...!
...
\ts[1]GOOMINK: G-Goomelda, please wake up!
No... Goomelda\| is...\| is...
GENRI: What? You're still moving? After a direct Head Smash?
Oh, but that Princess did take most of the hit, didn't she? Yikes.
It doesn't matter! We'll wreck you again!
GOOMINK: Shut stupid mouth!! Goomink will avenge the Princess!
No matter how many times you hurt Goomink... Goomink rise again!
GENRI: This Goomy...! It... It's...!
GOOMINK: Because Goomink weak without friends... Goomelda...
Goomink find the strength from within to become stronger!
Goomink use newfound power to protect \PN, Ben, and castle!!!
GENRI: E-Evolving won't help you against Big Betty! Go get em!
BIG BETTY: Graaaoohhh!!!
Aw, that's cute. Big Betty won't fall!
GENRI: This power?! How can a small Goomy have so much strength!
Still... Even with that power. Big Betty isn't done yet. Isn't that right?
BIG BETTY: G-Groah...
GENRI: No... Big Betty... Are you tired? No, that can't be!
No one has ever...!
GOOMINK: Goomink end this!
For the castle, for \PN, for Ben, for King and Queen...
For Mother, for Father... For Goomelda!
\ts[1]...For me!
GENRI: B-Big Betty...?
BIG BETTY: G-Grooah....
GENRI: No!
GENRI: B-Betty!
GOOMINK: It over. Goomink won. Goomink defeat Big Betty.
Goomink hope that Mother and Father, and even Princess proud.
GOOMINK: Team AA defeated. All of your friends gone!
But Goomink and kingdom lock you away forever!
???: Goomink right!
GOOMINK: G-Goomelda! But how?!
GOOMELDA: You think attack like that finish off Goomelda?
Goomelda have better fights with random Stunfisk out in Honec Woods. Pehehe...
GOOMINK: Hehehehehe...
GOOMELDA: As for you... Goomelda have a nice cell just for Team AA.
GENRI: No... No!!!
BEN: Man... My head hurts. That guy really got \PN and I good.
GOOMINK: Yes, but it no matter! Goomink and Goomelda take care of them!
GOOMELDA: No, this time it was Goomelda who no do nothing.
Goomink real hero through and through!
GOOMINK: Heheheh...
BEN: So I guess it's all over then?
GOOMELDA: Goomelda no think Team AA return. Especially after how strong Goomink get.
GOOMINK: Yes! If anyone try harm anyone again, Goomink come to rescue!
BEN: That's good! I'm proud of you Goomink.
Oh, by the way... You never told us who gave you this castle.
We kinda got... interrupted.
GOOMELDA: Oh yes! The person who give castle to King and Queen...!
???: Goomelda, do you see the statue in the middle of this fountain?
GOOMELDA: Yes, Goomelda see. Who is person?
???: Her name was Kasumi. She was the Empress of the Kasura Kingdom.
She was a friend of my ancestor, Nymiera.
And this whole castle used to belong to her.
GOOMELDA: Eh? If castle no belong to you, then why you give it to King and Queen.
???: There are no descendants of Kasumi. The entire kingdom was wiped out in a war long ago.
Since our two houses were allies, I feel like it's best that I hand over control to a trusted friend.
...But I must admit that I have ulterior motives.
GOOMELDA: Oh? What you mean?
???: ...
Beneath this castle is an underground chamber. One that I've\c[6] hidden something very important.
And that is... \c[6]The Light Stone.
GOOMELDA: Oh? The Light Stone? Goomelda never hear of it.
???: The Light Stone summons the Legendary Pokemon Reshiram when a hero needs its power.
I used to have the Dark Stone as well, but I lost it during a fierce battle...
With the threat of Madame X becoming ever larger, I cannot spread myself so thin anymore.
Which is why I'm entrusting this entire castle to the King and Queen.
GOOMELDA: Do King and Queen know about this secret?
???: No, I've refrained. I've only told you this truth.
GOOMELDA: B-But why only Goomelda? Why not tell King and Queen? They much stronger?
???: This is true, they are strong. However, they lack true strength of heart.
There will be a day when they become complacent within their roles and slack off.
But you... No, I feel a strong sense of justice sleeping within you.
A strong sense of determination to protect the ones you love, and your subjects.
Besides, one day you will become Queen, yes?
GOOMELDA: Goomelda hope so...
???: You will, and you will be wonderful. Believe in yourself.
Find someone to rule with you, too. Someone you love. It could be a subject, a knight, whomever...
As long as you both are happy protecting those you love...\| It's all worth it in the end.
???: After all. Love shall prevail.
BEN: Wow... That's a lot to take in. To think that the Light Stone was the secret of Goomidra Castle...
GOOMELDA: Yes... Me never know the name of woman, but she was very kind to Goomelda.
Which is why Goomelda uphold her promise to protect the castle and Goomelda's love ones without hesitation!
It why Goomelda go through extreme measures to succeed, but...
Even still, what Goomelda did was wrong. Goomelda very sorry.
GOOMINK: No worry, Goomelda! Things turn out alright in the end!
BEN: Yeah, that's right! Now you even have Goomink to help protect this land with you!
GOOMELDA: Goomink... Yes, you are right. Goomelda no scared of outsiders anymore!
Goomelda very thankful to Ben and \PN too! We hope you return in future.
But for now, Goomelda has very important things to attend do. Goomelda say farewell.
Come, Goomink. We have much to discuss now that you the\c[6] Hero of Goomidra.
GOOMINK: OK! Goomink meet you there in just a bit. Goomink want to say by to friends properly.
GOOMELDA: Understood!
GOOMINK: Goomink will never forget \PN and Ben.
\PN and Ben very cool! Friends forever!
But Goomink must say goodbye for now. Please visit us again, yes?
BEN: Of course, Goomink. We'lll see you later.
GOOMINK: Kyakapow! Krawoo!!
BEN: I guess that's it for me too. I've been gone way too long!
Beth is gonna give me one helluva scolding later on, but that's alrighty with me.
Hey if you're ever in the area during the nighttime, you should stop on by!
Beth is always overdoing it on the portions, so we have a lot left over!
I'm sure we'd be glad to have you at the table with us!
Anyway, that's it. See ya later, Feraligatr!
???:\ts[1] Um, thank you!
KASUMI: Thanks for everything.\| \c[6]Oh, Interceptor.
KASUMI: Nymiera, my old friend. It seems like things are going just as you had hoped.
The Interceptor... They are kind and thoughtful.\| Perhaps there's a chance after all?
BEN: Guess this is where Goomelda's room is.
Better not keep her waitin', right?
QUEEN GOODRAH: Princess Goomelda is expecting you. Please do not make her wait.
QUEEN GOODRAH: The King has something he wants to say to you. Please speak with him.
QUEEN GOODRAH: Please visit whenever you'd like. You are friend of Goomidra!
QUEEN GOODRAH: Team AA won't be a bother to us anymore. Goomink shall protect us!
...But we're also preparing our army up too. Can't be too careful.
SLIGKNIGHT: PleaSe Do nOt rUn In tHe haLls!
GOOMELDA: Please go visit Goomink! Train him into warrior!
SLIGKNIGHT: No oNe is allowEd In tHe GardEn RuiNs withoUt tHe permissiOn Of GoomelDa!
GRUNT: No! No! No! We've got business! I can't let you through!
BEN: You can't, or you won't?
GRUNT: Oh... Yeah, no, I won't.
GOOMINK: Goomink show you justice! kwakapow!
The boss is gonna be real mad about this!
GOOMINK: Goomink win once more! Hyahu!
SISI: What's up with this Goomy?! I thought Goomy were supposed to be weak and all!
And to think we were told this would be an "easy" job. Sigh.
Oh well, I have nothing to stop you with, so... Go for it.
GOOMINK: We finally make it to Princess Goomelda's room.
Hopefully the Princess is doing OK!
BEN: She'll be just fine. Now let's get a move on, yeah?
GOOMINK: Goomink understand.
BEN: Hello, Your Majesty!
GOOMELDA: Goomelda is please to see that friends have arrived so quickly!
Thank you for coming to Goomelda's room. We have much to discuss.
BEN: Somethin' about a letter, right? What's got you guys so shaken?
GOOMELDA: Goomelda has letter on table! Please, take a look.
BEN: Alrighty, let's see here.
"We know about the secret hidden deep within the castle. Please hand it over or we'll have to do something very, very bad."
- Team AA.
BEN: Team AA? I can't say I've heard of that group.
GOOMELDA: So you no know anything? Pitiful.
\PN explains everything about Team AA.
GOOMELDA: So scary! Goomelda cannot allow Team AA to get secret!
BEN: Sorry! I guess that's a good thing though?
If I haven't heard of them, that means they can't be threatening!
GOOMELDA: Still! Goomelda no can allow Team AA to get secret!
BEN: So, wait... What's the secret of the castle anywho?
GOOMELDA: It no called "secret" for nothing! It secret because it secret!
Secret of Royal Family and Royal Family only! Goomelda sorry.
BEN: Oh, I see... I guess that makes sense.
So, what do you want us to do about this letter?
GOOMELDA: King Goodroh and Queen Goodrah refuse to do anything about threat!
No matter how many times Goomelda plead, no results!
That's why Goomelda assign the title of "Hero" to one of the Goomy in Kingdom!
BEN: Hero you say?
GOOMELDA: YES. THAT WHAT GOOMELDA SAY!
Goomelda assign title of Hero to Goomy named Goomink.
Goomelda want Goomink to be castle guard, but Goomink too timid!
Goomelda want you two to toughen up Goomink and turn him into true warrior!
BEN: Turn 'em into a real warrior? I mean... I'm not really that strong.
I just borrow my sis' Pokemon.
GOOMELDA: Then what about other friend?
BEN: Oh, \PN? Yeah, they're really strong! Maybe they can do something about it.
GOOMELDA: Wonderful! Goomelda pleased. Get to it, please!
BEN: O-Oh, right away?
GOOMELDA: Yes! Goomelda want you two to leave now!
Goomink live in village. Please visit him and train him!
BEN: Um, okay! In that case, we'll go visit him. See you later, Your Majesty.
GOOMINK: Goomelda! Goomink here... here to...
GOOMINK: Wait a minute, what go on here?! Goomelda, explain!
GOOMELDA: Wh-What? Goomink make it back?! But how?
BEN: Uh... Goomink, I think somethin's up.
GRUNT: Goomelda, hand over what you promised us.
GOOMINK: What you promise?! Princess Goomelda hand over secret of castle?!
GOOMELDA: That none of your business! Psshaw! Go away you stinky Goomy!
GOOMELDA: You take care of Goomink and friends!
Goomelda wait on top of castle!
GRUNT: What? You get back here! What do you think you're doing?!
Augh!!
GRUNT: Ergh, I guess that means I have to deal with you three...
GOOMINK: Goomink...\| feel betrayed...\| Goomink ANGRY!
GRUNT: Get out of the way you annoying Goomy!
GOOMINK: Krakapow!
This was supposed to be easy! Goomelda said it would be easy!
EMI: Eruaggh!! This is why you don't trust anyone!
We were supposed to just walk in, obtain the secret, and then leave.
That's what Goomelda promised us, but of course...
GOOMINK: G-Goomelda really plan this entire thing?
GRUNT: Wellllll that's only kinda right, but who am I to ruin a good reveal.
Why don't you go ask Goomelda herself? You heard her... She's on top of the castle.
As for me? That's all I can do, chief. Gotta say bye!
GOOMINK: This no happening... Goomink become hero for... for nothing.
BEN: Now Goomink, that just ain't true!
It's true that you became a hero to protect Princess Goomelda, but that's not all!
You're here to protect the entire kingdom! That means you can't give up here!
Besides, didn't you want to make \PN proud?
GOOMINK: Yes!! Goomink want to make \PN proud because \PN very cool!
BEN: Heck yea! Then let's get this situation done!
GOOMINK: Kyakapow! Ben right! Goomink put an end to Goomelda's evil! Goomink want to understand why!
BEN: Heh, at least the lil guy has spunk. C'mon \PN! Let's put an end to this!
GOOMINK: Get out of Goomink's way now!
DREW: Not a chance! Wait a minute... Isn't that \PN?
It is! It is \PN! You're the loser that got me and Ann separated!
Now I'm really angry! You're gonna get what's comin' to you!
GRUNT: Sorry, but we've got business with the Princess.
There's no way we're leaving without that secret!
GOOMINK: Bring it! Krakapowa!
That sucks.
Ann! I've failed you!
DREW: Ann... I miss you! Come back to me!
DREW: Welp! Time to run!
GOOMINK: Onwards!
GOOMINK: No where left to run, Goomelda!
GOOMELDA: Hmph... Persistent Goomy! Very, very persistent!
Goomelda no expect Goomink to be so formidable!
But that no matter... Things end here for Goomink and Kingdom of Goomidra!
GOOMINK: Why Goomelda want the end of Kingdom?!
GOOMELDA: That none of your stinky business!
GRUNT: That's right. Now, I believe it's time for you to hand over the secret.
GOOMELDA: Yes, of course!
GOOMINK: Goomelda!
Goomelda handed over the secret of Castle Goomidra.
GOOMINK: N-No!!!
GRUNT: This is the secret? It smells kind of weird...
GOOMELDA: That because secret so old and valuable!
What you smell is history!
GRUNT: Alright, well, I'll take your word for it!
GOOMINK: GOOMINK NO LET YOU LEAVE!
BEN: Yeah, there's no way we'll let the Kingdom fall to the likes of you!
GRUNT: The Kingdom's already gone! I have the secret!
With this, Team AA will force everyone to fend for themselves!
And if you can't make it without help, you'll disappear! Weed out the weaklings!
Whaahaha!! Too strong! Way too strong!
GENRI: Is that really it? You've defeated me, but I refuse to give up the secret!
I was the one who went through the trouble to recon this place!
I was the one who went through ALL the trials and tribulations of planning this attack on the castle!
And that's because I want Team AA to succeed!\| And to get a promotion...
GOOMELDA: Ohhhh... So you one who send threat letter to castle?
Interesting... Very interesting...
GENRI: That's right! Like, I said, I planned the entire even-
GOOMINK: E-Ehh??
BEN: Wait... what?
GOOMELDA: That what YOU get for threatening Kingdom of Goomidra!!
GOOMINK: But... I thought Goomelda and Team AA friends?
GOOMELDA: Goomelda never ally herself with stinky people like Team AA!
BEN: But you gave them the secret of the castle...
GOOMELDA: Yes.\| Goomelda gave them <i>a</i> secret. But not secret they want.
The secret to Goomelda's gift is that the secret is her droppings. Pehehe...
BEN: ...
GOOMINK: ...
\PN: ...
???: Goomelda, we hear everything!
BEN: It's the King and Queen!
GOOMINK: K-King and Queen safe?! Goomink relieved...
KING GOODRAH: Goomelda... why? Why do this?
GOOMELDA: Ooooh, now King and Queen care about what Goomelda up to?
So you wanna know why Goomelda do it?
It because King and Queen both VERY stinky and no do nothing!
Letter of threat get sent to castle and what Mother and Father do??? NOTHING!
KING GOODROH: Goomelda-
GOOMELDA: Goomelda no let Kingdom suffer because of stinky King and Queen.
KING GOODROH: I'm sorry Goomelda, but this not real threat!
If anyone tries to hurt our community, our Sligknights will take care of them.
GOOMELDA: So you do nothing then??
QUEEN GOODRAH: Goomelda, trust in your subjects.
GOOMELDA: Foolish parents!! Sligknight can only hold off for so long!
If King and Queen do nothing, fine! But Goomelda ask one thing!
<<[>>GOOMELDA: It at that moment that Goomelda think of master plan!<<]>>
KING GOODROH: Speak, Goomelda. What is it that you want?
GOOMELDA: Hehehe...
Goomelda want personal knight to protect Goomelda!
But Goomelda get to choose who!
Goomelda knew that parents would give Goomelda personal knight if Goomelda acted too scared.
But Goomelda wanted to scare King and Queen by working with Team AA!
Goomelda know that Goomink worst soldier in all of Goomidra!
Goomelda know that if she choose Goomink, Goomink would have to go off and train first.
Leaving Goomelda with enough time to herself to conspire with enemy!
GOOMELDA: That why when Goomelda see King and Queen talking to humans, she get happy!
Goomelda summon them to her room and explain situation, and plead with them to take Goomink away and train.
Friends were so eager to help! This make things even easier!
GOOMELDA: Goomelda take this time to smuggle Team AA into the castle and entice them.
Goomelda no know where Team AA hear about secret of castle, but Goomelda use their greediness to her advantage!
She tell them all about valuable material Goomelda make! It would make them billionaires!
Team have enough money to fund their endeavors and take over world!
And when time finally right, Goomelda launch attack, but ask to not hurt civilians or Goomelda's parents.
It at this time that Goomelda prepare to stab Team AA in back whenever author of threat reveal themselves!
That Goomelda's true goal, but...
Goomelda no expect Goomink to become strong so quickly!
Goomink and subordinates catch Goomelda in middle of interrogation. Her plan almost fail!
GOOMELDA: But it no matter... Plan succeed in the end.
Goomelda scare both King and Queen, AND put Goomink on his journey to become hero!
KING GOODROH: Goomelda... You in big trouble!
GOOMELDA: NO! GOOMELDA NOT! You all forget that this castle handed to us!
We no actual royalty!
QUEEN GOODRAH: Goomelda!
GOOMELDA: Mother and Father put on crowns and they think they know best!
Goomelda spit on thy names! On thy LAZINESS!
Whether Goomelda do the morally right thing or not-- Goomelda no care!
Graaaghh!! Krakapow!
QUEEN GOODRAH: Goodroh... I think Goomelda may be right.
QUEEN GOODRAH: ...
Please forgive King Goodroh. He means well, but Goodrah thinks he realizes how foolish we've been.
\PN, Ben, Goomink. You three have done especially well.
You will not go unrewarded, Goodrah promise.
Please come talk to us in the throne room later. We shall speak more then.
GOOMINK: So that it then... Goomink become hero for that?
BEN: What's wrong? Team AA still had to be stopped no matter what.
If you hadn't become a hero, Goomelda wouldn't have been able to take them all on by herself.
Because you became a hero, Goomidra is saved!
GOOMINK: B-Ben right!
GOOMINK: And if it weren't for \PN and Ben, Goomink wouldn't have become hero!
So Goomink think, in a way, all three of us are heroes!
BEN: Ahaha... I didn't do much, but I'll accept the title.
GENRI: Rrghh...
GOOMINK: Look who finally awaken! Goomelda give you good whack!
GENRI: Ughh... My head...
And the secret to the castle... It's all over me?! What is this! It smells!
BEN: Serves you right! Try working on a farm and then complain about the smell of poo!
GENRI: Y-You're saying this stuff is...
GENRI: *Sob* *Sob*... You all... Hurt my feelings. I won't let this slide.
I'll be back, I swear it!
Escape Rope!
GOOMINK: Grooah!! That cheating! Can't even use Escape Rope in castle!
Goomink MAD!
BEN: Forget about him. Chasing him would be pointless.\| Probably.
GOOMINK: You right, we should head back down and see King and Queen again.
BEN: Yep, let's go.
BEN: Before we head on to the throne room, we gotta make sure we're all prim and proper.
Hm... Yep, I think this'll do. Alright, let's go!
BEN: It's me again, yer honor! I brought a friend along here too! \PN!
KING GOODRO: Ah, me happy to see you once again, Ben!
QUEEN GOODRAH: Yes! Goodrah very happy to see a new friend too! \PN!
BEN: I brought a dozen bottles of our sweet MooMoo Milk, just like I promised!
KING GOODROH: Ah yes, Ben! Please bring it to Goodroh!
KING GOODROH: Looks like a very good batch! Goodroh very pleased!
BEN: Of course, nothin' but the best for the King and Queen.
\PN, you must be really confused right now, right?
A long time ago I was gathering honey and I was arrested by some of the Sligknights.
Turns out that the honey is 'specially made by the Goomy from this village.
But me bein' a good salesman I made a deal here with the King and Queen.
I can take as much honey as I want as long as I provide them with our precious MooMoo Milk.
QUEEN GOODRAH: Precious indeed! Pokemon of Goomidra love MooMoo Milk.
A very satisfying deal indeed!
KING GOODROH: Yes, Goodroh especially happy now during these trying times.
BEN: "Tryin' times"? Is something wrong?
QUEEN GOODRAH: Ah... You see-
???: Mother? Father? Princess Goomelda requires your assistance!
KING GOODROH: Princess Goomelda, what is it that you need?
GOOMELDA: Goomelda curious about the letter we received!
Will King and Queen do what Goomelda ask?
QUEEN GOODRAH: Goodroh and Goodrah have decided to leave the matter alone.
Such idle threats should not, and shall not strike fear into the crown.
GOOMELDA: Is that so... Hm...
GOOMELDA: Goomelda sees humans in castle?!
KING GOODROH: Goomelda see right. Humans visit Kingdom of Goomidra for trade.
GOOMELDA: Goomelda require their presence in Goomelda's quarters at once!
Goomelda will not take no for an answer! King and Queen send humans now!
QUEEN GOODRAH: Please forgive Princess Goomelda.
Things around the castle are very tense!
KING GOODROH: Things tense ever since mysterious letter sent to the Royal Family.
BEN: Letter? Do you know from who?
QUEEN GOODRAH: Name of sender not specified.
If you would like to see the letter for yourself, I believe Princess Goomelda keep it in her room!
BEN: I guess we gotta go there anyway. Why not check it out?
KING GOODROH: Guard, please escort friends to Princess Goomelda's quarters.
SLIGKNIGHT: YEs yoUr majesTy!
ThIs wAy pleaSe!
BEN: Um, this might take a while.
Let's just... help him out a bit.
GOOMINK: Goomink here! Goomink here!
Goomink here to save everyone from Team AA!
GOOMINK: Ah! \PN make it after all! Evil team attack castle for sure!
If they after secret, then they go after King and Queen! Even Princess Goomelda!
Quickly! \PN and Goomink must save kingdom!
BEN: Ugh...
How many are ya out there?? I can't keep this up forever...
GOOMINK: Ben no need to!
BEN: \PN, Goomink! You finally made it!
GOOMINK: Don't worry, Goomink become hero! He will save you!
PECH: \PN! You thwarted our plans on Terajuma, but we won't lose here!
I won't lose to someone who actually fell for our Roggenrola trick!
GOOMINK: \PN no your opponent! You fight Goomink!
PECH: H-Huh? Whoa!
GRUNT: Nu uh, I won't let any of you past me!
Man I just can never catch a break!
PECH: First the Roggenrola, now this?! Why can't we ever win?
\PN! Stop helping people! You're so annoying!
PECH: Rrgh... Fine, you win. Can you make it to the top, though? We'll see...
GOOMINK: Is Ben OK? Goomink here to help!
BEN: Thanks a bunch, Goomink. You know, you look a lot stronger!
GOOMINK: But of course! Goomink obtain 2 badges!
BEN: Oh? 2 Badges?\| Only 2?
GOOMINK: What Ben mean "Only 2?"?? Badges were very difficult to obtain!
BEN: Oh...\| Nothin'!\| You did well!
GOOMINK: *Squints*
Goomink accept that answer for now, but Goomink feelings hurt!
Goomink require at least 3 bottles of MooMoo Milk!
BEN: Yeah, yeah. I'll talk to Beth about it later.
But first we gotta drive these creeps out of the castle.
GOOMINK: Ben right! Goomink agrees!
Goomink no see King or Queen... Not anywhere else to go but Princess' room.
BEN: Then let's head that way!
GOOMINK: Yes! Let Goomink, Ben and \PN move!
BEN: Lead the way!
Your party has been healed!
[Map603]
KAREN: So, I've decided that I'm going to tell you the truth.
Dancing around lies about the purpose surrounding this place tires me.
I asked you to open the door here because I suspected you of being the one who attacked me.
Only someone who knows of that Garufan incantation would know the existence of this place.
But that face of wonder and awe told me everything.
This is your first visit to Castle Zygara, correct?
If so, then I do not suspect you anymore.
As for the actual culprit, they took two very important things from me.
One being my \c[6]Mega Ring,\| the other being the very first Pokemon I've ever caught.
So believe me when I say I'm very irritated right now. I would like to take back what's mine.
So let's team up for a little while? What do you say?
KAREN: Thank you, Little Dove. I promise this won't be a waste.
KAREN: "Maybe tomorrow"?
I must say, Little Dove. That was not the answer I was hoping for.
You've disappointed me, but if I'll wait here just in case you choose to return.
You think you're pretty with that little get-up?
We're getting paid a lot of money to do this!
GRUNT: Well, this is awkward. Please don't push me off the side!
KAREN: Relax, we're not going to do anything to you!
You're going to jump off the side yourself.
GRUNT: Wh-What?!
KAREN: I'm only kidding. Just get out of the way.
KAREN: Oh, would you look at that? I don't remember inviting you here.
I'm assuming you're the one who wrote me this note?
GRUNT: Sorry, that wasn't me! That was our client!
KAREN: So someone hired you? As henchmen, I assume?
GRUNT: That's right! We're Team AA! Team Anti-Assist!
KAREN: Let me get this straight. You're called Team Anti-Assist, but...
You're assisting someone by acting as their henchmen?
GRUNT: That's correct!
KAREN: I assume you're aware of the contradiction here?
GRUNT: Not at all!
KAREN: Ah, excellent. Well, if you're going to be trouble for us then I guess we'll be trouble for you too.
Oh.
GRUNT: Crap... You two are too strong!\| Our client said you would be, though.
Gotta run!
KAREN: Remember those idiots I mentioned before? For every genius?
Not sure, but I think we found them.
This bookcase seems suspicious... Push the bookcase?
KAREN: Wow, I'm impressed, \PN. I wasn't even going to tell you about this little secret.
You have an eye for secrets,\| I like that.
KAREN: You're leaving? But I need your help.
KAREN: Then let's continue.
KAREN: That's... Disappointing, to say the least.
Little Dove, don't be long.
KAREN: Darmanitan are quite common in the Desert.
I knew someone who loved Darmanitan. I think she works at East Gearen City now.
I believe... At the Magnolia Library? Oh well.
KAREN: That's enough!
KAREN: A little bit of history on that Crest...
It was actually the most difficult one to produce for King Ieisel.
For a Spiritomb to be created, 108 souls must fuse themselves within an Odd Keystone.
So in order for a Spiritomb Crest to be made, King Ieisel had to sacrifice 108 people.
Most of them were criminals, thugs, thieves, but they were still people.
Numerous texts say that he was sorrowful, but the dead stay dead, as they say.
This was on Karrina...!
LARVESTA: Larvae!
Yeah, sure why not?
Maybe tomorrow
Yes
No
No, nevermind
I'll be back soon!
[Map604]
JOLENE: Yep... There it is, can you see it? All the way back there.
JOLENE: That beam of light, it's what gives the Spring its power.
But it's a little disappointin', ain't it?
The mystical and supernatural vibe it gave off was captivating...
Only to find out it's powered through some complex system.
But now that I know that it's true, that's all I need.
JOLENE: So this is really a thing then...\| Goodness, I don't know how to feel.
Oh Jolene, that's what you get for doubting people. Now you look like a big 'ol fool.
Alright, that's all I wanted to confirm. So I guess I'll be heading out.
Darlin', why are you lookin' at me like that? Are you confused or somethin'?
Don't you worry yourself over all this.
I had no intention of actually doin' anythin' here, I assure you.
Now that I know this place exists, I feel like I'm obligated to protect it.
What if someone just tries to waltz up in here and disrupt that precious beam of light?
That just wouldn't do, would it?
No, no... If that beam of light is interrupted, I reckon the place would be all dried up and sorry lookin'.
The Pokemon that lived there would be without a home.
Jolene, Jolene, you need to learn when to stop talkin'!!
I'm so sorry, Sugar. I can talk, and talk for ages-- Never getting anywhere.
Here's a little somethin' for your troubles.
JOLENE: That's just a little somethin' I've been holdin' on to for a while.
I like using Electric-types, so I wouldn't have any use for something like that.
Not that I'm implyin' you would, but I thought the gesture was nice.
I'm off now, Sugar. You should come by the Gearen News HQ sometime and say hello!
Until next time, Jolene's signin' out!
MACHINE: Clay-Doll!
Malfunctioning! Malfunctioning!
???: Hey, don't run off without me!
???: Ah, you've done it! Thank you so much!
You're so sweet. Thank you for helping me out!
The name's Jolene. I'm the owner of Gearen News.
As well as being the lovely and beautiful mother of the Electric-type leader, Volta.
And also an\c[6] honorary member of the Elite 8?
JOLENE: Oh darling, I love that look people give me when I drop that info on them.
Lookatchu, cute as a button. Surprised are ya?
Don't you worry yourself about all that. It's not that important right now.
I bet you're wondering where we are right now, yes?
I was told by a certain someone that the Spring of Preservation was managed through a secret underground base.
Such a base, was once controlled and operated by the ancient civilization known as Garufa.
Well, they were supposed to be ancient, but this place isn't exactly screaming ancient, now is it?
My curiosity was piqued. I couldn't help but investigate further.
Looks like my curiosity hasn't been misplaced. Oh, bless your heart.
I'm going to go investigate further. Don't lag behind now, y'hear?
JOLENE: Darlin', I have a feelin' we're not alone all the way down here.
Perhaps not by other humans, no... But something created by humans for sure!
INTRUDER ALERT! INTRUDER ALERT!
JOLENE: Speak of the devil...
JOLENE: My word... That thing looks like a disfigured Magneton!
Sugar, I know it's rude of me to do this, but would you mind taking care of this here doo-hickey?
JOLENE: I'm mighty curious about your strength, you see...
From the moment I laid my eyes on you I thought "Huh, there's somethin' special about this one."
I'd like to see if my hunch was true. They usually are.
Now go on, show me what you got!
JOLENE: I must say, that show was mighty impressive.
Honey, might I ask... Are you takin' part in the Aevium League challenge?
Ah, so it seems like you are. How many badges have you collected?
JOLENE: Y-You've collected way more than 10 badges?!
Sugar, that is a mighty fine achievement, and don't let anyone else tell you otherwise!
If anyone tries to give you a hard time, you just call Ms. Jolene, y'hear?
I'll set em straight, don't worry about a thing!\| Bless your heart!
I'm sure we'll run into a whole lot more of those so-and-so's, so let's move!
[Map605]
CORSOLA: Corsa!
MAREANIE: Mara!
LUVDISC: Luuvv!
CLAMPERL: ...
This Clamperl looks hungry.
Feed Clamperl the Gourmet Treat?
...
The Clamperl is filled with energy!
Clamperl jumps towards you!
Clamperl looks at you with distaste.
It ignores you.
Yes
No
[Map606]
MELIA: Take a look at this place! It's like a totally new area!
ALEXANDRA: It is the power of the Jewel of Life.
Anyone who is subjected to the nutrients in the water will be purified, but only once.
This is true for things like environments as well.
The grounds here have been restored. This is what Flora wants for all of the Badlands.
HUEY: It's not such a bad thing, but...
REINA: She's a bitch.
EVERYONE: ...Yeah.
ALEXANDRA: Anyway, there's still something Damien and I need to do here, so we cannot leave.
But there is something I wish to speak about to a few of you.
Particularly \PN, Melia, Erin, Alice, and Allen.
Do you mind waiting here until our business here is done?
MELIA: We would like to, but there's something we sort of need to take care of first.
DELPHA: Something that we'll need a lot of our power for.
MELIA: Besides, we need to get everyone back home safe and sound.
We're all... pretty tired.
ALEXANDRA: I understand, but I really do wish to speak to all of you.
So when Damien and I are done here, we'll send Kanon to fetch you all.
HUEY: ...
REINA: I wouldn't say that name in front of Huey. I think he's scarred for life.
ALEXANDRA: O-Oh?
MELIA: What's wrong with Kanon?
HUEY: ................................
REINA: I said don't say that name!
ALEXANDRA: Alright, well. I guess you all will be on your way then.
Good luck with whatever it is you need to do.
MELIA: Well, are you guys ready to go home?
HUEY: Yeah I need a shower. I smell like... grossness.
ERIN: I don't think any of us particularly smell good right now.
That's what happens when you adventure around for a while.
ALLEN: Even though I've been in a coma for 24 hours, I feel very tired myself.
ALICE: You are right... I, too, am exhausted.
REINA: I could use a nap. Let's go back home already!
ERIN: What about Aelita?
DELPHA: She still has business she needs to take care of here.
As a result, she'll stay here for a while. I'm sure she'll show up sooner or later.
ERIN: If you say so.
MELIA: Hey, \PN. We're gonna head back to Rhodea's apartment.
Would you like to walk back with us? Or are you busy here?
MELIA: Alright, let's go home!
GRUNT: A tree grew in front of the door! What are we gonna do?!
SCIENTIST: It was so horrible! Water starting pouring out of those pipes!
Then all of a sudden grass starting growing out of the ground and trees started sprouting!
I hate nature! Why is this happening!
Let's walk back!
I'll catch up with you guys.
[1]
0
????????
1
Bulbasaur
2
Ivysaur
3
Venusaur
4
Charmander
5
Charmeleon
6
Charizard
7
Squirtle
8
Wartortle
9
Blastoise
10
Caterpie
11
Metapod
12
Butterfree
13
Weedle
14
Kakuna
15
Beedrill
16
Pidgey
17
Pidgeotto
18
Pidgeot
19
Rattata
20
Raticate
21
Spearow
22
Fearow
23
Ekans
24
Arbok
25
Pikachu
26
Raichu
27
Sandshrew
28
Sandslash
29
Nidoran
30
Nidorina
31
Nidoqueen
32
Nidoran
33
Nidorino
34
Nidoking
35
Clefairy
36
Clefable
37
Vulpix
38
Ninetales
39
Jigglypuff
40
Wigglytuff
41
Zubat
42
Golbat
43
Oddish
44
Gloom
45
Vileplume
46
Paras
47
Parasect
48
Venonat
49
Venomoth
50
Diglett
51
Dugtrio
52
Meowth
53
Persian
54
Psyduck
55
Golduck
56
Mankey
57
Primeape
58
Growlithe
59
Arcanine
60
Poliwag
61
Poliwhirl
62
Poliwrath
63
Abra
64
Kadabra
65
Alakazam
66
Machop
67
Machoke
68
Machamp
69
Bellsprout
70
Weepinbell
71
Victreebel
72
Tentacool
73
Tentacruel
74
Geodude
75
Graveler
76
Golem
77
Ponyta
78
Rapidash
79
Slowpoke
80
Slowbro
81
Magnemite
82
Magneton
83
Farfetch'd
84
Doduo
85
Dodrio
86
Seel
87
Dewgong
88
Grimer
89
Muk
90
Shellder
91
Cloyster
92
Gastly
93
Haunter
94
Gengar
95
Onix
96
Drowzee
97
Hypno
98
Krabby
99
Kingler
100
Voltorb
101
Electrode
102
Exeggcute
103
Exeggutor
104
Cubone
105
Marowak
106
Hitmonlee
107
Hitmonchan
108
Lickitung
109
Koffing
110
Weezing
111
Rhyhorn
112
Rhydon
113
Chansey
114
Tangela
115
Kangaskhan
116
Horsea
117
Seadra
118
Goldeen
119
Seaking
120
Staryu
121
Starmie
122
Mr. Mime
123
Scyther
124
Jynx
125
Electabuzz
126
Magmar
127
Pinsir
128
Tauros
129
Magikarp
130
Gyarados
131
Lapras
132
Ditto
133
Eevee
134
Vaporeon
135
Jolteon
136
Flareon
137
Porygon
138
Omanyte
139
Omastar
140
Kabuto
141
Kabutops
142
Aerodactyl
143
Snorlax
144
Articuno
145
Zapdos
146
Moltres
147
Dratini
148
Dragonair
149
Dragonite
150
Mewtwo
151
Mew
152
Chikorita
153
Bayleef
154
Meganium
155
Cyndaquil
156
Quilava
157
Typhlosion
158
Totodile
159
Croconaw
160
Feraligatr
161
Sentret
162
Furret
163
Hoothoot
164
Noctowl
165
Ledyba
166
Ledian
167
Spinarak
168
Ariados
169
Crobat
170
Chinchou
171
Lanturn
172
Pichu
173
Cleffa
174
Igglybuff
175
Togepi
176
Togetic
177
Natu
178
Xatu
179
Mareep
180
Flaaffy
181
Ampharos
182
Bellossom
183
Marill
184
Azumarill
185
Sudowoodo
186
Politoed
187
Hoppip
188
Skiploom
189
Jumpluff
190
Aipom
191
Sunkern
192
Sunflora
193
Yanma
194
Wooper
195
Quagsire
196
Espeon
197
Umbreon
198
Murkrow
199
Slowking
200
Misdreavus
201
Unown
202
Wobbuffet
203
Girafarig
204
Pineco
205
Forretress
206
Dunsparce
207
Gligar
208
Steelix
209
Snubbull
210
Granbull
211
Qwilfish
212
Scizor
213
Shuckle
214
Heracross
215
Sneasel
216
Teddiursa
217
Ursaring
218
Slugma
219
Magcargo
220
Swinub
221
Piloswine
222
Corsola
223
Remoraid
224
Octillery
225
Delibird
226
Mantine
227
Skarmory
228
Houndour
229
Houndoom
230
Kingdra
231
Phanpy
232
Donphan
233
Porygon2
234
Stantler
235
Smeargle
236
Tyrogue
237
Hitmontop
238
Smoochum
239
Elekid
240
Magby
241
Miltank
242
Blissey
243
Raikou
244
Entei
245
Suicune
246
Larvitar
247
Pupitar
248
Tyranitar
249
Lugia
250
Ho-Oh
251
Celebi
252
Treecko
253
Grovyle
254
Sceptile
255
Torchic
256
Combusken
257
Blaziken
258
Mudkip
259
Marshtomp
260
Swampert
261
Poochyena
262
Mightyena
263
Zigzagoon
264
Linoone
265
Wurmple
266
Silcoon
267
Beautifly
268
Cascoon
269
Dustox
270
Lotad
271
Lombre
272
Ludicolo
273
Seedot
274
Nuzleaf
275
Shiftry
276
Taillow
277
Swellow
278
Wingull
279
Pelipper
280
Ralts
281
Kirlia
282
Gardevoir
283
Surskit
284
Masquerain
285
Shroomish
286
Breloom
287
Slakoth
288
Vigoroth
289
Slaking
290
Nincada
291
Ninjask
292
Shedinja
293
Whismur
294
Loudred
295
Exploud
296
Makuhita
297
Hariyama
298
Azurill
299
Nosepass
300
Skitty
301
Delcatty
302
Sableye
303
Mawile
304
Aron
305
Lairon
306
Aggron
307
Meditite
308
Medicham
309
Electrike
310
Manectric
311
Plusle
312
Minun
313
Volbeat
314
Illumise
315
Roselia
316
Gulpin
317
Swalot
318
Carvanha
319
Sharpedo
320
Wailmer
321
Wailord
322
Numel
323
Camerupt
324
Torkoal
325
Spoink
326
Grumpig
327
Spinda
328
Trapinch
329
Vibrava
330
Flygon
331
Cacnea
332
Cacturne
333
Swablu
334
Altaria
335
Zangoose
336
Seviper
337
Lunatone
338
Solrock
339
Barboach
340
Whiscash
341
Corphish
342
Crawdaunt
343
Baltoy
344
Claydol
345
Lileep
346
Cradily
347
Anorith
348
Armaldo
349
Feebas
350
Milotic
351
Castform
352
Kecleon
353
Shuppet
354
Banette
355
Duskull
356
Dusclops
357
Tropius
358
Chimecho
359
Absol
360
Wynaut
361
Snorunt
362
Glalie
363
Spheal
364
Sealeo
365
Walrein
366
Clamperl
367
Huntail
368
Gorebyss
369
Relicanth
370
Luvdisc
371
Bagon
372
Shelgon
373
Salamence
374
Beldum
375
Metang
376
Metagross
377
Regirock
378
Regice
379
Registeel
380
Latias
381
Latios
382
Kyogre
383
Groudon
384
Rayquaza
385
Jirachi
386
Deoxys
387
Turtwig
388
Grotle
389
Torterra
390
Chimchar
391
Monferno
392
Infernape
393
Piplup
394
Prinplup
395
Empoleon
396
Starly
397
Staravia
398
Staraptor
399
Bidoof
400
Bibarel
401
Kricketot
402
Kricketune
403
Shinx
404
Luxio
405
Luxray
406
Budew
407
Roserade
408
Cranidos
409
Rampardos
410
Shieldon
411
Bastiodon
412
Burmy
413
Wormadam
414
Mothim
415
Combee
416
Vespiquen
417
Pachirisu
418
Buizel
419
Floatzel
420
Cherubi
421
Cherrim
422
Shellos
423
Gastrodon
424
Ambipom
425
Drifloon
426
Drifblim
427
Buneary
428
Lopunny
429
Mismagius
430
Honchkrow
431
Glameow
432
Purugly
433
Chingling
434
Stunky
435
Skuntank
436
Bronzor
437
Bronzong
438
Bonsly
439
Mime Jr.
440
Happiny
441
Chatot
442
Spiritomb
443
Gible
444
Gabite
445
Garchomp
446
Munchlax
447
Riolu
448
Lucario
449
Hippopotas
450
Hippowdon
451
Skorupi
452
Drapion
453
Croagunk
454
Toxicroak
455
Carnivine
456
Finneon
457
Lumineon
458
Mantyke
459
Snover
460
Abomasnow
461
Weavile
462
Magnezone
463
Lickilicky
464
Rhyperior
465
Tangrowth
466
Electivire
467
Magmortar
468
Togekiss
469
Yanmega
470
Leafeon
471
Glaceon
472
Gliscor
473
Mamoswine
474
Porygon-Z
475
Gallade
476
Probopass
477
Dusknoir
478
Froslass
479
Rotom
480
Uxie
481
Mesprit
482
Azelf
483
Dialga
484
Palkia
485
Heatran
486
Regigigas
487
Giratina
488
Cresselia
489
Phione
490
Manaphy
491
Darkrai
492
Shaymin
493
Arceus
494
Victini
495
Snivy
496
Servine
497
Serperior
498
Tepig
499
Pignite
500
Emboar
501
Oshawott
502
Dewott
503
Samurott
504
Patrat
505
Watchog
506
Lillipup
507
Herdier
508
Stoutland
509
Purrloin
510
Liepard
511
Pansage
512
Simisage
513
Pansear
514
Simisear
515
Panpour
516
Simipour
517
Munna
518
Musharna
519
Pidove
520
Tranquill
521
Unfezant
522
Blitzle
523
Zebstrika
524
Roggenrola
525
Boldore
526
Gigalith
527
Woobat
528
Swoobat
529
Drilbur
530
Excadrill
531
Audino
532
Timburr
533
Gurdurr
534
Conkeldurr
535
Tympole
536
Palpitoad
537
Seismitoad
538
Throh
539
Sawk
540
Sewaddle
541
Swadloon
542
Leavanny
543
Venipede
544
Whirlipede
545
Scolipede
546
Cottonee
547
Whimsicott
548
Petilil
549
Lilligant
550
Basculin
551
Sandile
552
Krokorok
553
Krookodile
554
Darumaka
555
Darmanitan
556
Maractus
557
Dwebble
558
Crustle
559
Scraggy
560
Scrafty
561
Sigilyph
562
Yamask
563
Cofagrigus
564
Tirtouga
565
Carracosta
566
Archen
567
Archeops
568
Trubbish
569
Garbodor
570
Zorua
571
Zoroark
572
Minccino
573
Cinccino
574
Gothita
575
Gothorita
576
Gothitelle
577
Solosis
578
Duosion
579
Reuniclus
580
Ducklett
581
Swanna
582
Vanillite
583
Vanillish
584
Vanilluxe
585
Deerling
586
Sawsbuck
587
Emolga
588
Karrablast
589
Escavalier
590
Foongus
591
Amoonguss
592
Frillish
593
Jellicent
594
Alomomola
595
Joltik
596
Galvantula
597
Ferroseed
598
Ferrothorn
599
Klink
600
Klang
601
Klinklang
602
Tynamo
603
Eelektrik
604
Eelektross
605
Elgyem
606
Beheeyem
607
Litwick
608
Lampent
609
Chandelure
610
Axew
611
Fraxure
612
Haxorus
613
Cubchoo
614
Beartic
615
Cryogonal
616
Shelmet
617
Accelgor
618
Stunfisk
619
Mienfoo
620
Mienshao
621
Druddigon
622
Golett
623
Golurk
624
Pawniard
625
Bisharp
626
Bouffalant
627
Rufflet
628
Braviary
629
Vullaby
630
Mandibuzz
631
Heatmor
632
Durant
633
Deino
634
Zweilous
635
Hydreigon
636
Larvesta
637
Volcarona
638
Cobalion
639
Terrakion
640
Virizion
641
Tornadus
642
Thundurus
643
Reshiram
644
Zekrom
645
Landorus
646
Kyurem
647
Keldeo
648
Meloetta
649
Genesect
650
Chespin
651
Quilladin
652
Chesnaught
653
Fennekin
654
Braixen
655
Delphox
656
Froakie
657
Frogadier
658
Greninja
659
Bunnelby
660
Diggersby
661
Fletchling
662
Fletchinder
663
Talonflame
664
Scatterbug
665
Spewpa
666
Vivillon
667
Litleo
668
Pyroar
669
Flabebe
670
Floette
671
Florges
672
Skiddo
673
Gogoat
674
Pancham
675
Pangoro
676
Furfrou
677
Espurr
678
Meowstic
679
Honedge
680
Doublade
681
Aegislash
682
Spritzee
683
Aromatisse
684
Swirlix
685
Slurpuff
686
Inkay
687
Malamar
688
Binacle
689
Barbaracle
690
Skrelp
691
Dragalge
692
Clauncher
693
Clawitzer
694
Helioptile
695
Heliolisk
696
Tyrunt
697
Tyrantrum
698
Amaura
699
Aurorus
700
Sylveon
701
Hawlucha
702
Dedenne
703
Carbink
704
Goomy
705
Sliggoo
706
Goodra
707
Klefki
708
Phantump
709
Trevenant
710
Pumpkaboo
711
Gourgeist
712
Bergmite
713
Avalugg
714
Noibat
715
Noivern
716
Xerneas
717
Yveltal
718
Zygarde
719
Diancie
720
Hoopa
721
Volcanion
722
Rowlet
723
Dartrix
724
Decidueye
725
Litten
726
Torracat
727
Incineroar
728
Popplio
729
Brionne
730
Primarina
731
Pikipek
732
Trumbeak
733
Toucannon
734
Yungoos
735
Gumshoos
736
Grubbin
737
Charjabug
738
Vikavolt
739
Crabrawler
740
Crabominable
741
Oricorio
742
Cutiefly
743
Ribombee
744
Rockruff
745
Lycanroc
746
Wishiwashi
747
Mareanie
748
Toxapex
749
Mudbray
750
Mudsdale
751
Dewpider
752
Araquanid
753
Fomantis
754
Lurantis
755
Morelull
756
Shiinotic
757
Salandit
758
Salazzle
759
Stufful
760
Bewear
761
Bounsweet
762
Steenee
763
Tsareena
764
Comfey
765
Oranguru
766
Passimian
767
Wimpod
768
Golisopod
769
Sandygast
770
Palossand
771
Pyukumuku
772
Type: Null
773
Silvally
774
Minior
775
Komala
776
Turtonator
777
Togedemaru
778
Mimikyu
779
Bruxish
780
Drampa
781
Dhelmise
782
Jangmo-o
783
Hakamo-o
784
Kommo-o
785
Tapu Koko
786
Tapu Lele
787
Tapu Bulu
788
Tapu Fini
789
Cosmog
790
Cosmoem
791
Solgaleo
792
Lunala
793
Nihilego
794
Buzzwole
795
Pheromosa
796
Xurkitree
797
Celesteela
798
Kartana
799
Guzzlord
800
Necrozma
801
Magearna
802
Marshadow
803
Poipole
804
Naganadel
805
Stakataka
806
Blacephalon
807
Zeraora
808
Meltan
809
Melmetal
810
Grookey
811
Thwackey
812
Rillaboom
813
Scorbunny
814
Raboot
815
Cinderace
816
Sobble
817
Drizzile
818
Inteleon
819
Skwovet
820
Greedent
821
Rookidee
822
Corvisquire
823
Corviknight
824
Blipbug
825
Dottler
826
Orbeetle
827
Nickit
828
Thievul
829
Gossifleur
830
Eldegoss
831
Wooloo
832
Dubwool
833
Chewtle
834
Drednaw
835
Yamper
836
Boltund
837
Rolycoly
838
Carkol
839
Coalossal
840
Applin
841
Flapple
842
Appletun
843
Silicobra
844
Sandaconda
845
Cramorant
846
Arrokuda
847
Barraskewda
848
Toxel
849
Toxtricity
850
Sizzlipede
851
Centiskorch
852
Clobbopus
853
Grapploct
854
Sinistea
855
Polteageist
856
Hatenna
857
Hattrem
858
Hatterene
859
Impidimp
860
Morgrem
861
Grimmsnarl
862
Obstagoon
863
Perrserker
864
Cursola
865
Sirfetch'd
866
Mr. Rime
867
Runerigus
868
Milcery
869
Alcremie
870
Falinks
871
Pincurchin
872
Snom
873
Frosmoth
874
Stonjourner
875
Eiscue
876
Indeedee
877
Morpeko
878
Cufant
879
Copperajah
880
Dracozolt
881
Arctozolt
882
Dracovish
883
Arctovish
884
Duraludon
885
Dreepy
886
Drakloak
887
Dragapult
888
Zacian
889
Zamazenta
890
Eternatus
[2]
1
Seed
2
Seed
3
Seed
4
Lizard
5
Flame
6
Flame
7
Tiny Turtle
8
Turtle
9
Shellfish
10
Worm
11
Cocoon
12
Butterfly
13
Hairy Bug
14
Cocoon
15
Poison Bee
16
Tiny Bird
17
Bird
18
Bird
19
Mouse
20
Mouse
21
Tiny Bird
22
Beak
23
Snake
24
Cobra
25
Mouse
26
Mouse
27
Mouse
28
Mouse
29
Poison Pin
30
Poison Pin
31
Drill
32
Poison Pin
33
Poison Pin
34
Drill
35
Fairy
36
Fairy
37
Fox
38
Fox
39
Balloon
40
Balloon
41
Bat
42
Bat
43
Weed
44
Weed
45
Flower
46
Mushroom
47
Mushroom
48
Insect
49
Poison Moth
50
Mole
51
Mole
52
Scratch Cat
53
Classy Cat
54
Duck
55
Duck
56
Pig Monkey
57
Pig Monkey
58
Puppy
59
Legendary
60
Tadpole
61
Tadpole
62
Tadpole
63
Psi
64
Psi
65
Psi
66
Superpower
67
Superpower
68
Superpower
69
Flower
70
Flycatcher
71
Flycatcher
72
Jellyfish
73
Jellyfish
74
Rock
75
Rock
76
Megaton
77
Fire Horse
78
Fire Horse
79
Dopey
80
Hermit Crab
81
Magnet
82
Magnet
83
Wild Duck
84
Twin Bird
85
Triple Bird
86
Sea Lion
87
Sea Lion
88
Sludge
89
Sludge
90
Bivalve
91
Bivalve
92
Gas
93
Gas
94
Shadow
95
Rock Snake
96
Hypnosis
97
Hypnosis
98
River Crab
99
Pincer
100
Ball
101
Ball
102
Egg
103
Coconut
104
Lonely
105
Bone Keeper
106
Kicking
107
Punching
108
Licking
109
Poison Gas
110
Poison Gas
111
Spikes
112
Drill
113
Egg
114
Vine
115
Parent
116
Dragon
117
Dragon
118
Goldfish
119
Goldfish
120
Star Shape
121
Mysterious
122
Barrier
123
Mantis
124
Human Shape
125
Electric
126
Spitfire
127
Stag Beetle
128
Wild Bull
129
Fish
130
Atrocious
131
Transport
132
Transform
133
Evolution
134
Bubble Jet
135
Lightning
136
Flame
137
Virtual
138
Spiral
139
Spiral
140
Shellfish
141
Shellfish
142
Fossil
143
Sleeping
144
Freeze
145
Electric
146
Flame
147
Dragon
148
Dragon
149
Dragon
150
Genetic
151
New Species
152
Leaf
153
Leaf
154
Herb
155
Fire Mouse
156
Volcano
157
Volcano
158
Big Jaw
159
Big Jaw
160
Big Jaw
161
Scout
162
Long Body
163
Owl
164
Owl
165
Five Star
166
Five Star
167
String Spit
168
Long Leg
169
Bat
170
Angler
171
Light
172
Tiny Mouse
173
Star Shape
174
Balloon
175
Spike Ball
176
Happiness
177
Tiny Bird
178
Mystic
179
Wool
180
Wool
181
Light
182
Flower
183
Aqua Mouse
184
Aqua Rabbit
185
Imitation
186
Frog
187
Cottonweed
188
Cottonweed
189
Cottonweed
190
Long Tail
191
Seed
192
Sun
193
Clear Wing
194
Water Fish
195
Water Fish
196
Sun
197
Moonlight
198
Darkness
199
Royal
200
Screech
201
Symbol
202
Patient
203
Long Neck
204
Bagworm
205
Bagworm
206
Land Snake
207
FlyScorpion
208
Iron Snake
209
Fairy
210
Fairy
211
Balloon
212
Pincer
213
Mold
214
Single Horn
215
Sharp Claw
216
Little Bear
217
Hibernator
218
Lava
219
Lava
220
Pig
221
Swine
222
Coral
223
Jet
224
Jet
225
Delivery
226
Kite
227
Armor Bird
228
Dark
229
Dark
230
Dragon
231
Long Nose
232
Armor
233
Virtual
234
Big Horn
235
Painter
236
Scuffle
237
Handstand
238
Kiss
239
Electric
240
Live Coal
241
Milk Cow
242
Happiness
243
Thunder
244
Volcano
245
Aurora
246
Rock Skin
247
Hard Shell
248
Armor
249
Diving
250
Rainbow
251
Time Travel
252
Wood Gecko
253
Wood Gecko
254
Forest
255
Chick
256
Young Fowl
257
Blaze
258
Mud Fish
259
Mud Fish
260
Mud Fish
261
Bite
262
Bite
263
TinyRaccoon
264
Rushing
265
Worm
266
Cocoon
267
Butterfly
268
Cocoon
269
Poison Moth
270
Water Weed
271
Jolly
272
Carefree
273
Acorn
274
Wily
275
Wicked
276
TinySwallow
277
Swallow
278
Seagull
279
Water Bird
280
Feeling
281
Emotion
282
Embrace
283
Pond Skater
284
Eyeball
285
Mushroom
286
Mushroom
287
Slacker
288
Wild Monkey
289
Lazy
290
Trainee
291
Ninja
292
Shed
293
Whisper
294
Big Voice
295
Loud Noise
296
Guts
297
Arm Thrust
298
Polka Dot
299
Compass
300
Kitten
301
Prim
302
Darkness
303
Deceiver
304
Iron Armor
305
Iron Armor
306
Iron Armor
307
Meditate
308
Meditate
309
Lightning
310
Discharge
311
Cheering
312
Cheering
313
Firefly
314
Firefly
315
Thorn
316
Stomach
317
Poison Bag
318
Savage
319
Brutal
320
Ball Whale
321
Float Whale
322
Numb
323
Eruption
324
Coal
325
Bounce
326
Manipulate
327
Spot Panda
328
Ant Pit
329
Vibration
330
Mystic
331
Cactus
332
Scarecrow
333
Cotton Bird
334
Humming
335
Cat Ferret
336
Fang Snake
337
Meteorite
338
Meteorite
339
Whiskers
340
Whiskers
341
Ruffian
342
Rogue
343
Clay Doll
344
Clay Doll
345
Sea Lily
346
Barnacle
347
Old Shrimp
348
Plate
349
Fish
350
Tender
351
Weather
352
Color Swap
353
Puppet
354
Marionette
355
Requiem
356
Beckon
357
Fruit
358
Wind Chime
359
Disaster
360
Bright
361
Snow Hat
362
Face
363
Clap
364
Ball Roll
365
Ice Break
366
Bivalve
367
Deep Sea
368
South Sea
369
Longevity
370
Rendezvous
371
Rock Head
372
Endurance
373
Dragon
374
Iron Ball
375
Iron Claw
376
Iron Leg
377
Rock Peak
378
Iceberg
379
Iron
380
Eon
381
Eon
382
Sea Basin
383
Continent
384
Sky High
385
Wish
386
DNA
387
Tiny Leaf
388
Grove
389
Continent
390
Chimp
391
Playful
392
Flame
393
Penguin
394
Penguin
395
Emperor
396
Starling
397
Starling
398
Predator
399
Plump Mouse
400
Beaver
401
Cricket
402
Cricket
403
Flash
404
Spark
405
Gleam Eyes
406
Bud
407
Bouquet
408
Head Butt
409
Head Butt
410
Shield
411
Shield
412
Bagworm
413
Bagworm
414
Moth
415
Tiny Bee
416
Beehive
417
EleSquirrel
418
Sea Weasel
419
Sea Weasel
420
Cherry
421
Blossom
422
Sea Slug
423
Sea Slug
424
Long Tail
425
Balloon
426
Blimp
427
Rabbit
428
Rabbit
429
Magical
430
Big Boss
431
Catty
432
Tiger Cat
433
Bell
434
Skunk
435
Skunk
436
Bronze
437
Bronze Bell
438
Bonsai
439
Mime
440
Playhouse
441
Music Note
442
Forbidden
443
Land Shark
444
Cave
445
Mach
446
Big Eater
447
Emanation
448
Aura
449
Hippo
450
Heavyweight
451
Scorpion
452
Ogre Scorp
453
Toxic Mouth
454
Toxic Mouth
455
Bug Catcher
456
Wing Fish
457
Neon
458
Kite
459
Frost Tree
460
Frost Tree
461
Sharp Claw
462
Magnet Area
463
Licking
464
Drill
465
Vine
466
Thunderbolt
467
Blast
468
Jubilee
469
Ogre Darner
470
Verdant
471
Fresh Snow
472
Fang Scorp
473
Twin Tusk
474
Virtual
475
Blade
476
Compass
477
Gripper
478
Snow Land
479
Plasma
480
Knowledge
481
Emotion
482
Willpower
483
Temporal
484
Spatial
485
Lava Dome
486
Colossal
487
Renegade
488
Lunar
489
Sea Drifter
490
Seafaring
491
Pitch-Black
492
Gratitude
493
Alpha
494
Victory
495
Grass Snake
496
Grass Snake
497
Regal
498
Fire Pig
499
Fire Pig
500
Mega Firepig
501
Sea Otter
502
Discipline
503
Formidable
504
Scout
505
Lookout
506
Puppy
507
Loyal Dog
508
Big-Hearted
509
Devious
510
Cruel
511
Grass Monkey
512
Thorn Monkey
513
High Temp
514
Ember
515
Spray
516
Geyser
517
Dream Eater
518
Drowsing
519
Tiny Pigeon
520
Wild Pigeon
521
Proud
522
Electrified
523
Thunderbolt
524
Mantle
525
Ore
526
Compressed
527
Bat
528
Courting
529
Mole
530
Subterenne
531
Hearing
532
Muscular
533
Muscular
534
Muscular
535
Tadpole
536
Vibration
537
Vibration
538
Judo
539
Karate
540
Sewing
541
Leaf-Wrapped
542
Nurturing
543
Centipede
544
Curlipede
545
Megapede
546
Cotton Puff
547
Windveiled
548
Bulb
549
Flowering
550
Hostile
551
Desert Croc
552
Desert Croc
553
Intimidation
554
Zen Charm
555
Blazing
556
Cactus
557
Rock Inn
558
Stone Home
559
Shedding
560
Hoodlum
561
Avianoid
562
Spirit
563
Coffin
564
Prototurtle
565
Prototurtle
566
First Bird
567
First Bird
568
Trash Bag
569
Trash Heap
570
Tricky Fox
571
Illusion Fox
572
Chinchilla
573
Scarf
574
Fixation
575
Manipulate
576
Astral Body
577
Cell
578
Mitosis
579
Multiplying
580
Water Bird
581
White Bird
582
Fresh Snow
583
Icy Snow
584
Snowstorm
585
Season
586
Season
587
Sky Squirrel
588
Clamping
589
Cavalry
590
Mushroom
591
Mushroom
592
Floating
593
Floating
594
Caring
595
Attaching
596
Elespider
597
Thorn Seed
598
Thorn Pod
599
Gear
600
Gear
601
Gear
602
Elefish
603
Elefish
604
Elefish
605
Cerebral
606
Cerebral
607
Candle
608
Lamp
609
Luring
610
Tusk
611
Axe Jaw
612
Axe Jaw
613
Chill
614
Freezing
615
Crystalizing
616
Snail
617
Shell Out
618
Trap
619
Martial Arts
620
Martial Arts
621
Cave
622
Automaton
623
Automaton
624
Sharp Blade
625
Sharp Sword
626
Bash Buffalo
627
Eaglet
628
Valiant
629
Diapered
630
Bone Vulture
631
Anteater
632
Iron Ant
633
Irate
634
Hostile
635
Brutal
636
Torch
637
Sun
638
Iron Will
639
Cavern
640
Grassland
641
Cyclone
642
Bolt Strike
643
Vast White
644
Deep Black
645
Abundance
646
Boundary
647
Colt
648
Melody
649
Paleozoic
650
Spiky Nut
651
Spiky Armor
652
Spiky Armor
653
Fox
654
Fox
655
Fox
656
Bubble Frog
657
Bubble Frog
658
Ninja
659
Digging
660
Digging
661
Tiny Robin
662
Ember
663
Scorching
664
Scatterdust
665
Scatterdust
666
Scale
667
Lion Cub
668
Royal
669
Single Bloom
670
Single Bloom
671
Garden
672
Mount
673
Mount
674
Playful
675
Daunting
676
Poodle
677
Restraint
678
Constraint
679
Sword
680
Sword
681
Royal Sword
682
Perfume
683
Fragrance
684
Cotton Candy
685
Meringue
686
Revolving
687
Overturning
688
Two-Handed
689
Collective
690
Mock Kelp
691
Mock Kelp
692
Water Gun
693
Howitzer
694
Generator
695
Generator
696
Royal Heir
697
Despot
698
Tundra
699
Tundra
700
Intertwining
701
Wrestling
702
Antenna
703
Jewel
704
Soft Tissue
705
Soft Tissue
706
Dragon
707
Key Ring
708
Stump
709
Elder Tree
710
Pumpkin
711
Pumpkin
712
Ice Chunk
713
Iceberg
714
Sound Wave
715
Sound Wave
716
Life
717
Destruction
718
Order
719
Jewel
720
Mischief
721
Steam
722
Grass Quill
723
Blade Quill
724
Arrow Quill
725
Fire Cat
726
Fire Cat
727
Heel
728
Sea Lion
729
Pop Star
730
Soloist
731
Woodpecker
732
Bugle Beak
733
Cannon
734
Loitering
735
Stakeout
736
Larva
737
Battery
738
Stag Beetle
739
Boxing
740
Wooly Crab
741
Dancing
742
Bee Fly
743
Bee Fly
744
Puppy
745
Wolf
746
Small Fry
747
Brutal Star
748
Brutal Star
749
Donkey
750
Draft Horse
751
Water Bubble
752
Water Bubble
753
Sickle Grass
754
Bloom Sickle
755
Illuminating
756
Illuminating
757
Toxic Lizard
758
Toxic Lizard
759
Flailing
760
Strong Arm
761
Fruit
762
Fruit
763
Fruit
764
Posy Picker
765
Sage
766
Teamwork
767
Turn Tail
768
Hard Scale
769
Sand Heap
770
Sand Castle
771
Sea Cucumber
772
Synthetic
773
Synthetic
774
Meteor
775
Drowsing
776
Blast Turtle
777
Roly-Poly
778
Disguise
779
Gnash Teeth
780
Placid
781
Sea Creeper
782
Scaly
783
Scaly
784
Scaly
785
Land Spirit
786
Land Spirit
787
Land Spirit
788
Land Spirit
789
Nebula
790
Protostar
791
Sunne
792
Moone
793
Parasite
794
Swollen
795
Lissome
796
Glowing
797
Launch
798
Drawn Sword
799
Junkivore
800
Prism
801
Artificial
802
Gloomdweller
803
Poison Pin
804
Poison Pin
805
Rampart
806
Fireworks
807
Thunderclap
808
Hex Nut
809
Hex Nut
810
Chimp
811
Beat
812
Drumming
813
Rabbit
814
Rabbit
815
Striker
816
Water Lizard
817
Water Lizard
818
Secret Agent
819
Cheeky
820
Greedy
821
Tiny Bird
822
Raven
823
Raven
824
Larva
825
Radome
826
Seven Spot
827
Fox
828
Fox
829
Flowering
830
Flowering
831
Sheep
832
Sheep
833
Snapping
834
Bite
835
Puppy
836
Dog
837
Coal
838
Coal
839
Coal
840
Apple Core
841
Apple Wing
842
Apple Nectar
843
Sand Snake
844
Sand Snake
845
Gulp
846
Rush
847
Rush
848
Baby
849
Punk
850
Radiator
851
Radiator
852
Tantrum
853
Jujitsu
854
Black Tea
855
Black Tea
856
Calm
857
Serene
858
Serene
859
Wily
860
Bulk Up
861
Bulk Up
862
Blocking
863
Viking
864
Coral
865
Wild Duck
866
Comedian
867
Grudge
868
Cream
869
Cream
870
Formation
871
Sea Urchin
872
Worm
873
Frost Moth
874
Big Rock
875
Penguin
876
Emotion
877
Two-Sided
878
Copperderm
879
Copperderm
880
Fossil
881
Fossil
882
Fossil
883
Fossil
884
Alloy
885
Lingering
886
Caretaker
887
Stealth
888
Warrior
889
Warrior
890
Gigantic
[3]
1
Bulbasaur can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays, the seed grows progressively larger.
2
To support its bulb, Ivysaur's legs grow sturdy. If it spends more time lying in the sunlight, the bud will soon bloom into a large flower.
3
Venusaur's flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people.
4
The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when Charmander is happy, and blazes when it is enraged.
5
Without pity, its sharp claws destroy foes. If it encounters a strong enemy, it becomes agitated, and the flame on its tail flares with a bluish white color.
6
A Charizard flies about in search of strong opponents. It breathes intense flames that can melt any material. However, it will never torch a weaker foe.
7
Its shell is not just for protection. Its rounded shape and the grooves on its surface minimize resistance in water, enabling Squirtle to swim at high speeds.
8
Its large tail is covered with rich, thick fur that deepens in color with age. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokmon's toughness in battle.
9
The waterspouts that protrude from its shell are highly accurate. Their bullets of water can precisely nail tin cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
10
Its voracious appetite compels it to devour leaves bigger than itself without hesitation. It releases a terribly strong odor from its antennae.
11
Its shell is as hard as an iron slab. A Metapod does not move very much because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the shell.
12
It has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can seek, extract, and carry honey from flowers blooming over six miles away.
13
A Weedle has an extremely acute sense of smell. It distinguishes its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes by sniffing with its big red nose.
14
It remains virtually immobile while it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it busily prepares for evolution. This is evident from how hot its shell becomes.
15
A Beedrill is extremely territorial. For safety reasons, no one should ever approach its nest. If angered, they will attack in a swarm.
16
It has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It can unerringly return home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings.
17
This Pokmon flies around, patrolling its large territory. If its living space is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws.
18
This Pokmon has gorgeous feathers. Many trainers are so captivated by the feathers on its head, that they choose Pidgeot as their Pokmon.
19
A Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly moves its ears and listens for danger. It will make its nest anywhere.
20
A Raticate's sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses.
21
Its loud cry can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, its a sign that they are warning of danger.
22
Its long neck and elongated beak are ideal for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves this extended and skinny beak to pluck prey.
23
An Ekans curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. This position allows it to quickly respond to an enemy from any direction with its upraised head.
24
This Pokmon has a terrifically strong constricting power. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once it wraps its body around its foe, escaping is impossible.
25
It stores electricity in the electric sacs on its cheeks. When it releases pent-up energy in a burst, the electric power is equal to a lightning bolt.
26
If it stores too much electricity, its behavior turns aggressive. To avoid this, it occasionally discharges excess energy and calms itself down.
27
When it curls up in a ball, it can make any attack bounce off harmlessly. Its hide has turned tough and solid as a result of living in the desert.
28
It curls up in a ball to protect itself from enemy attacks. It also curls up to prevent heatstroke during the daytime when temperatures rise sharply.
29
Its highly toxic barbs are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokmon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn.
30
When it is with its friends or family, its barbs are tucked away to prevent injury. It appears to become nervous if separated from the others.
31
It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles using its tough, scaly body. This Pokmon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
32
The male Nidoran has developed muscles that freely move its ears in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokmon's notice.
33
Its horn is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might.
34
A Nidoking's thick tail packs enormously destructive power capable of toppling a metal transmission tower. Once it goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it.
35
On every night of a full moon, they come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy go to sleep nestled up against each other in deep and quiet mountains.
36
A Clefable uses its wings to skip lightly as if it were flying. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. On quiet, moonlit nights, it strolls on lakes.
37
It can freely control fire, making fiery orbs fly like will-o'-the-wisps. Just before evolution, its six tails grow hot as if on fire.
38
It has long been said that each of the nine tails embody an enchanted power. A long-lived Ninetales will have fur that shines like gold.
39
Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a Jigglypuff's song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep.
40
Its fur is the ultimate in luxuriousness. Sleeping alongside a Wigglytuff is simply divine. Its body expands seemingly without end when it inhales.
41
While living in pitch-black caverns, their eyes gradually grew shut and deprived them of vision. They use ultrasonic waves to detect obstacles.
42
Its fangs puncture even thick hide. It loves to feast on the blood of people and Pokmon. It flits about in darkness and strikes from behind.
43
This Pokmon grows by absorbing moonlight. During the daytime, it buries itself, leaving only its leaves exposed to avoid detection by its enemies.
44
A horribly noxious honey drools from its mouth. One whiff of the honey can result in memory loss. Some fans are said to enjoy this overwhelming stink, however.
45
In seasons when it produces more pollen, the air around a Vileplume turns yellow with the powder as it walks. The pollen is highly toxic and causes paralysis.
46
A Paras has parasitic tochukaso mushrooms growing on its back. They grow by drawing nutrients from the host. They are valued as medicine.
47
Parasect are known to infest the roots of large trees en masse and drain nutrients. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once.
48
Its coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body is said to have evolved for protection. Its large eyes never fail to spot even miniscule prey.
49
Venomoth are nocturnal--they only are active at night. Their favorite prey are insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light.
50
Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple--wherever they burrow, the soil is left perfectly tilled for growing delicious crops.
51
Because the triplets originally split from one body, they think exactly alike. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly through the ground.
52
Meowth withdraw their sharp claws into their paws to silently sneak about. For some reason, this Pokmon loves shiny coins that glitter with light.
53
A Persian's six bold whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in its vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
54
When its headache intensifies, it starts using strange powers. However, it has no recollection of its powers, so it always looks befuddled and bewildered.
55
A Golduck is an adept swimmer. It sometimes joins competitive swimmers in training. It uses psychic powers when its forehead shimmers with light.
56
When it starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign of anger. However, since this happens instantly, there is no time to flee.
57
It has been known to become so angry that it dies as a result. Its face looks peaceful in death, however.
58
Its superb sense of smell ensures that this Pokmon won't forget any scent, no matter what. It uses its sense of smell to detect the emotions of others.
59
This fleet-footed Pokmon is said to run over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within its body is its source of power.
60
It's possible to see this Pokmon's spiral innards right through its thin skin. However, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce off it.
61
Its body surface is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle.
62
Its highly developed muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. This Pokmon can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort.
63
A Pokmon that sleeps 18 hours a day. Observation revealed that it uses Teleport to change its location once every hour.
64
It is rumored that a boy with psychic abilities suddenly transformed into Kadabra while he was assisting research into extrasensory powers.
65
While it has strong psychic abilities and high intelligence, an Alakazam's muscles are very weak. It uses psychic power to move its body.
66
It continually undertakes strenuous training to master all forms of martial arts. Its strength lets it easily hoist a sumo wrestler onto its shoulders.
67
A belt is worn by a Machoke to keep its overwhelming power under control. Because it is so dangerous, no one has ever removed the belt.
68
It is impossible to defend against punches and chops doled out by its four arms. Its fighting spirit flares up when it faces a tough opponent.
69
A Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. Its mouth leaks a fluid that melts even iron.
70
At night, a Weepinbell hangs on to a tree branch with its hooked rear and sleeps. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground.
71
The long vine extending from its head is waved about as if it were a living thing to attract prey. When an unsuspecting victim approaches, it is swallowed whole.
72
Its body is almost entirely composed of water. It ensnares its foe with its two long tentacles, then stabs with the poison stingers at their tips.
73
It lives in complex rock formations on the ocean floor and traps prey using its 80 tentacles. Its red orbs glow when it grows excited or agitated.
74
It climbs mountain paths using only the power of its arms. Because they look just like boulders lining paths, hikers may step on them without noticing.
75
They descend from mountains by tumbling down steep slopes. They are so brutal, they smash aside trees and massive boulders with thunderous tackles.
76
It is said to live in volcanic craters on mountain peaks. Once a year, it sheds its hide and grows larger. The shed hide crumbles and returns to the soil.
77
A Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. Its legs become stronger as it stumbles and falls while trying to keep up with its parent.
78
It usually canters casually in the fields and plains. But once a Rapidash turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph.
79
It catches prey by dipping its tail in water at the side of a river. But it often forgets what its doing and spends days loafing at water's edge.
80
Its tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This forces it to reluctantly swim and catch prey.
81
The units at its sides are extremely powerful magnets. They generate enough magnetism to draw in iron objects from over 300 feet away.
82
It is actually three Magnemite linked by magnetism. It generates powerful radio waves that raise temperatures by 3.6 degrees F within a 3,300-foot radius.
83
It is always seen with a stick from a plant. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This Pokmon occasionally fights over choice sticks.
84
Even while eating or sleeping, one of the heads remains always vigilant for any sign of danger. When threatened, it flees at over 60 miles per hour.
85
A peculiar Pokmon species with three heads. It vigorously races across grassy plains even in arid seasons with little rainfall.
86
Seel hunt for prey in frigid, ice-covered seas. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head.
87
It loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokmon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
88
Born from polluted sludge in the sea, Grimer's favorite food is anything filthy. They feed on wastewater pumped out from factories.
89
It prefers warm and humid habitats. In the summertime, the toxic substances in its body intensify, making Muk reek like putrid kitchen garbage.
90
At night, it burrows a hole in the seafloor with its broad tongue to make a place to sleep. While asleep, it closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out.
91
It swims in the sea by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. The Cloyster shoots spikes from its shell using the same system.
92
When exposed to a strong wind, a Gastly's gaseous body quickly dwindles away. They cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind.
93
If a Haunter beckons you while it is floating in darkness, don't approach it. This Pokmon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.
94
Deep in the night, your shadow cast by a streetlight may suddenly overtake you. It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be your shadow.
95
An Onix never loses direction while tunneling, thanks to a magnet on its brain. As it grows older, its body becomes steadily rounder and smoother.
96
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure sign that a Drowzee is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.
97
The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum in a Hypno's hand lull the foe into deep hypnosis. While searching for prey, it polishes the pendulum.
98
Krabby live in holes dug into beaches. On sandy shores with little in the way of food, they can be seen squabbling with each other over territory.
99
It waves its huge, oversized claw in the air to communicate with others. But since the claw is so heavy, this Pokmon quickly tires.
100
It bears an uncanny and unexplained resemblance to a Pok Ball. Because it explodes at the slightest shock, even veteran trainers treat it with caution.
101
They appear in great numbers at electric power plants. Because they feed on electricity, they cause massive and chaotic blackouts in nearby cities.
102
It consists of six eggs that care for each other. They attract each other and spin around. It evolves when various cracks starts to appear.
103
Originally from the tropics, Exeggutor's heads grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. When the heads fall, they group to form an Exeggcute.
104
It pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull it wears are from its tears.
105
A Marowak is a Cubone that has grown tough by overcoming the grief of losing its mother. Its hardened spirit is not easily broken.
106
Its legs freely stretch and contract. Using these springlike limbs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its tired legs.
107
A Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who aimed to become the world champion. Having an indomitable spirit means that it will never give up.
108
Whenever it sees something unfamiliar, it always licks the object because it memorizes things by texture and taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things.
109
Getting up close to a Koffing will give you a chance to observe, through its thin skin, the toxic gases swirling inside. It blows up at the slightest stimulation.
110
By diluting its toxic gases with a special process, the highest grade of perfume can be extracted. To Weezing, gases from garbage are the ultimate feast.
111
Once it starts running, it doesn't stop. Its tiny brain makes it so stupid that it can't remember why it started running in the first place.
112
Its horn, which rotates like a drill, destroys tall buildings with one strike. It stands on its hind legs, and its brain is well developed.
113
Chansey lay nutritionally excellent eggs every day. The eggs are so delicious, they are eagerly devoured by even those who have lost their appetite.
114
Its vines snap off easily and painlessly if they are grabbed, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by new growth the next day.
115
If you come across a young Kangaskhan playing by itself, never try to catch it. The baby's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged.
116
By cleverly flicking the fins on its back side to side, it moves in any direction while facing forward. It spits ink to escape if it senses danger.
117
The poisonous barbs over its body are highly valued as ingredients for traditional herbal medicine. It shows no mercy to anything approaching its nest.
118
In the springtime, schools of Goldeen can be seen swimming up falls and rivers. It metes out staggering damage with its single horn.
119
It punches holes in boulders on stream- beds. This is a clever innovation that prevents its eggs from being attacked or washed away by the current.
120
It gathers with others in the night and makes its red core glow on and off with the twinkling stars. It can regenerate limbs if they are severed from its body.
121
People in ancient times imagined that Starmie were transformed from the reflections of stars that twinkled on gentle waves at night.
122
A Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. It can convince others that something unseeable exists. Once believed, the imaginary object becomes real.
123
Its blindingly fast speed adds to the sharpness of its twin forearm scythes. The scythes can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.
124
A Jynx sashays rhythmically as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without noticing.
125
When a storm approaches, it competes with others to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning. Electabuzz can be used as a lightning rod.
126
It blows out intense flames from all over its body to intimidate its foe. These fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in the area.
127
Their pincers are strong enough to shatter thick logs. Because they dislike cold, Pinsir burrow and sleep under the ground on chilly nights.
128
It is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for Tauros to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself.
129
Its swimming muscles are weak, so it is easily washed away. In places where water pools, you can see many Magikarp deposited there by the flow.
130
It is an extremely vicious and violent Pokmon. When humans begin to fight, it will appear and burn everything to the ground with intensely hot flames.
131
People have driven Lapras almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, it is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain.
132
A Ditto rearranges its cell structure to transform itself. However, if it tries to change based on its memory, it will get details wrong.
133
An Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to its environment. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokmon to evolve.
134
Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow them to live underwater. They have the ability to freely control water.
135
Its cells generate weak power that is amplified by its fur's static electricity to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.
136
Flareon's fluffy fur releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. Its body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F.
137
It is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data in order to enter cyberspace. A Porygon is copy- protected so it cannot be duplicated.
138
An ancient and long-since-extinct Pokmon that have been regenerated from fossils. If attacked, it withdraws into its hard shell.
139
An Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It become extinct because its shell grew too large, making its movements slow and ponderous.
140
Its a Pokmon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, living examples have been discovered. Kabuto haven't changed for 300 million years.
141
Kabutops once swam underwater to hunt for prey. It evolved from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from changes in its gills and legs.
142
Aerodactyl is a Pokmon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from DNA extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies.
143
Snorlax's typical day consists of eating and sleeping. Its such a docile Pokmon that there are children who use its big belly as a place to play.
144
Articuno is a legendary bird Pokmon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. It is said that when this Pokmon flies, snow will fall.
145
Zapdos is a legendary bird Pokmon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. It gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
146
Moltres is a legendary bird Pokmon that can control fire. If injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself.
147
A Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
148
A Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It alters the weather around it by loosing energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
149
It can circle the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokmon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
150
A Pokmon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans made its body, they failed to give it a warm heart.
151
A Mew is said to possess the genes of all Pokmon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people.
152
It waves its leaf around to keep foes at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, creating a friendly atmosphere that becalms the battlers.
153
A Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each leaf is a small tree shoot. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
154
The fragrance of a Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, it gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.
155
It flares flames from its back to protect itself. The fire burns vigorously if the Pokmon is angry. When it is tired, it sputters with incomplete combustion.
156
It intimidates foes with intense gusts of flames and superheated air. Its quick nimbleness lets it dodge attacks even while scorching an enemy.
157
It can hide behind a heat haze that it creates using its flames. Typhlosion create blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
158
Despite its small body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While it may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite can cause serious injury.
159
Once its jaws clamp down on its foe, it will not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like fishhooks, they become irremovably embedded.
160
It opens its huge mouth to intimidate enemies. In battle, it runs using its thick and powerful hind legs to charge the foe with incredible speed.
161
They take turns standing guard at night. The sentry awakens the others if it senses danger. If one becomes separated, it turns sleepless with fear.
162
A Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can fit through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, it is very nimble.
163
It has an internal organ that senses the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, a Hoothoot begins hooting at precisely the same time every day.
164
It unfailingly catches prey in darkness. Noctowl owe their success to superior vision that allows them to see at night, and to their silent wings.
165
Ledyba communicate using a fluid that they secrete from where the legs join the body. They can convey feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent.
166
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, Ledian thrive. For good reason, they use the light of the stars as energy.
167
The web it spins can be considered its second nervous system. A Spinarak can determine its prey by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web.
168
Its feet are tipped with tiny claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. It constricts its foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
169
Over the course of evolution, its hind legs turned into wings. By alternately resting its front and rear wings, it can fly all day without having to stop.
170
When it senses danger, it discharges positive and negative electricity from its two antennae. It lives in depths beyond sunlight's reach.
171
The light-emitting orbs on its back are very bright. They are formed from a part of its dorsal fin. This Pokmon illuminates the inky darkness of deep seas.
172
It is still inept at retaining electricity. When it is startled, it discharges power accidentally. It gets better at holding power as it grows older.
173
On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance until daybreak, when they quench their thirst with the morning dew.
174
Its soft and pliable body is very bouncy. When it sings continuously with all its might, its body steadily turns a deepening pink color.
175
As its energy, it uses the positive feelings exuded by people and Pokmon. It stores up happy feelings in its shell, then shares them.
176
It is said to be a Pokmon that brings good luck. When it spots someone who is pure of heart, a Togetic appears and shares its happiness with them.
177
It runs up short trees that grow on the savanna to peck at new shoots. A Natu's eyes look as if they are always observing something.
178
It has the enigmatic power of foreseeing the future. Some people in different lands have long believed that Xatu are emissaries from another world.
179
Its fluffy wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more energy is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows.
180
Its fleece quality changes to generate strong static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare, slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
181
It gives off so much light that it can be seen from space. People in the old days used its light to send signals back and forth with others far away.
182
Its flower petals deepen in color through exposure to sunlight. When cloudy weather persists, it does a dance that is thought to summon the sun.
183
Its body is covered with water-repellent fur. Because of the fur, it can swim through water at high speed without being slowed by the water's resistance.
184
It lives in water virtually all day long. Its body color and pattern act as camouflage that makes it tough for enemies to spot in water.
185
It mimics a tree to avoid enemies. But since its forelegs remain green throughout the year, it is easily identified as a fake in the winter.
186
The curled hair on its head proves its status as a king. It is said that the longer and curlier the hair, the more respect it earns from its peers.
187
This Pokmon drifts with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, a Hoppip links leaves with others to prepare against being blown away.
188
It blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. Because its flower's blooming changes with the temperature, it is used as a thermometer.
189
Jumpluff ride warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. This Pokmon lands when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
190
Its tail ends with a dexterous, handlike appendage. However, because it uses the tail so much, Aipom's real hands have become rather clumsy.
191
Sunkern try to conserve the nutrients they have stored in their bodies for evolution. They will not eat, subsisting only on morning dew.
192
Sunflora convert solar energy into nutrition. They are highly active in the warm daytime but suddenly stop moving as soon as the sun sets.
193
It can see 360 degrees without moving its eyes. It is a great flier capable of making sudden stops and turning midair to quickly chase down targeted prey.
194
Wooper usually live in water but come out onto land seeking food occasionally. On land, they coat their bodies with a gooey, toxic film.
195
A Quagsire hunts by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in. Because it doesn't move, it does not get very hungry.
196
An Espeon is loyal to any trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said to have developed precognitive powers to protect its trainer from harm.
197
Umbreon evolved from exposure to the moon's energy. It lurks in darkness and waits for its foes to move. The rings on its body glow when it attacks.
198
Murkrow were feared as the bearers of ill fortune. It shows strong interest in anything that sparkles. It will even try to steal rings from women.
199
It undertakes research every day to solve the mysteries of the world. However, it apparently forgets everything if the Shellder on its head comes off.
200
A Misdreavus frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. It apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fear of foes as its nutrition.
201
This Pokmon is shaped like ancient text characters. Although research is ongoing, it is a mystery as to which came first, the writings or the Unown.
202
Usually docile, a Wobbuffet strikes back ferociously if its black tail is attacked. It makes its lair in caves where it waits for nightfall.
203
A Girafarig is a herbivore--it eats grass and tree shoots. While it is eating, its tail makes chewing and swallowing motions as if it were also eating.
204
A Pineco hangs from a branch and waits for prey. While eating, if it is disturbed by someone shaking its tree, it falls on the ground and explodes.
205
It keeps itself inside its steel shell. The shell is opened when it is catching prey, but it is so quick that the shell's inside cannot be seen.
206
Its drill-tipped tail is used to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokmon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
207
It glides without making a single sound. It grasps the face of its foe using its hind and large front claws, then stabs with its poison barb.
208
Steelix live even further underground than Onix. This Pokmon digs toward the earth's core, reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
209
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, it sends smaller Pokmon scurrying in terror. The Snubbull does seem a little sad at making its foes flee.
210
It has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The huge fangs are heavy, causing it to tilt its head. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite.
211
A Qwilfish uses the pressure of water it swallows to shoot toxic quills out from all over its body. It finds swimming to be somewhat challenging.
212
A Scizor has a body as hard as steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. It flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
213
A Shuckle hides under rocks, keeping its body inside its shell while eating stored berries. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice.
214
They gather in forests seeking the sap of trees. It is completely clad in a steel-hard shell. It is proud of its horn, which it uses to fling foes.
215
A Sneasel scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. It seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
216
It licks its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. A Teddiursa makes its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.
217
It is said that there are many streams and towering trees where an Ursaring gathers food. It walks through its forest collecting food every day.
218
It is a species of Pokmon that lives in volcanic areas. If its body cools, its skin hardens and immobilizes it. To avoid that, it sleeps near magma.
219
The shell on its back is made of hardened magma. Tens of thousands of years spent living in volcanic craters have turned Magcargo's bodies into magma.
220
It roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. It likes mushrooms that grow under dried grass. It occasionally roots out hot springs.
221
A Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair for enduring freezing cold. It uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
222
Corsola live in warm southern seas. If the sea becomes polluted, the beautiful coral stalks become discolored and crumble away in tatters.
223
Remoraid uses its abdominal muscles to expel swallowed water, then shoot down flying prey. When evolution approaches, it travels down rivers.
224
It ensnares its foe with its suction- cupped tentacles before delivering the final blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, it spews ink to escape.
225
It carries food bundled up in its tail. There was a famous explorer who managed to scale Mt. Everest thanks to a Delibird sharing its food.
226
On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly leaping over the waves. It is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides.
227
A Pokmon that has a body and wings of steel. People in the past used feathers fallen from Skarmory to make swords and knives.
228
Houndour communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokmon's remarkable teamwork is simply unparalleled.
229
In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply back serves a leadership role. They choose their leader by fighting among themselves.
230
It sleeps quietly, deep on the seafloor. When it comes up to the surface, it creates a huge whirlpool that can swallow even ships.
231
Phanpy's big ears serve as broad fans. When it becomes hot, it flaps the ears busily to cool down. Even the young are very strong.
232
A Donphan is so strong it can easily haul a dump truck. Its hide has toughened to a rock-hard state. An ordinary attack won't even leave a scratch.
233
It was created using the power of science. It has been given artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
234
Stantler's magnificent antlers were once traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokmon was hunted close to extinction.
235
A Smeargle marks its territory using a fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. About 5,000 different marks left by this Pokmon have been found.
236
Tyrogue become stressed out if they do not get to train every day. When raising this Pokmon, the trainer must establish a regular training schedule.
237
Its technique of kicking while spinning is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense. Hitmontop travel faster spinning than they do walking.
238
It actively runs about, but also falls often. Whenever it falls, it will check its reflection on a lake's surface to make sure its face isn't dirty.
239
If it touches metal and discharges the electricity it has stored in its body, an Elekid begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself.
240
If a Magby is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames.
241
It gives over five gallons of milk daily. Its milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt instead.
242
If it senses sadness with its fluffy fur, a Blissey will rush over to the sad person to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.
243
Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. Its roars send shock waves shuddering through the air and ground as if lightning bolts were crashing down.
244
Entei embodies the passion of magma. It is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It blasts fire that consumes all that it touches.
245
Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gliding elegance. It has the power to purify dirty water.
246
A Larvitar is born deep under the ground. It must eat its way through the soil above and reach the surface for it to see its parents' faces.
247
A Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it ejects under compression to propel itself. Its body can withstand a collision with solid steel.
248
A Tyranitar is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. It roams in mountains seeking new opponents to fight.
249
Lugia is so powerful even a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart houses. As a result, it chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea.
250
Its feathers--which glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light--are thought to bring joy.
251
This Pokmon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as Celebi appears, a bright and shining future awaits us.
252
It makes its nest in trees in the forest. It ferociously guards against anything near its territory. It is said to be the protector of the forest's trees.
253
Leaves grow out of this Pokmon's body. They help obscure a Grovyle from the eyes of its enemies while it is in a thickly overgrown forest.
254
In the jungle, its power is without equal. This Pokmon carefully grows trees and plants. It regulates its body temperature by basking in sunlight.
255
If attacked, it strikes back by spitting balls of fire it forms in its stomach. A Torchic dislikes darkness because it can't see its surroundings.
256
It lashes out with 10 kicks per second. Its strong fighting instinct compels it to keep up its offensive until the opponent gives up.
257
It learns martial arts that use punches and kicks. Every several years, its old feathers burn off, and new, supple feathers grow back in their place.
258
On land, it can powerfully lift large boulders by planting its four feet and heaving. It sleeps by burying itself in soil at the water's edge.
259
Its toughened hind legs enable it to stand upright. Because it weakens if its skin dries out, it replenishes fluids by playing in mud.
260
If it senses the approach of a storm and a tidal wave, it protects its seaside nest by piling up boulders. It swims as fast as a jet ski.
261
It savagely threatens foes with bared fangs. It chases after fleeing targets tenaciously. It turns tail and runs, however, if the foe strikes back.
262
In the wild, Mightyena live in a pack. They never defy their leader's orders. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
263
Rubbing its nose against the ground, it always wanders about back and forth in search of something. It is distinguished by the zigzag footprints it leaves.
264
It is exceedingly fast if it only has to run in a straight line. When it spots prey underwater, it leaps in and catches it with its sharp claws.
265
It sticks to tree branches and eats leaves. The thread it spits from its mouth slows the movement of its foes.
266
It prepares for evolution using the energy it stored while it was a Wurmple. It keeps watch over the surroundings with its two eyes.
267
Its colorfully patterned wings are its most striking feature. It flies through flower-covered fields collecting pollen. It attacks ferociously when angered.
268
To avoid detection by its enemies, it hides beneath large leaves and in the gaps of branches. It also attaches dead leaves to its body for camouflage.
269
It is a nocturnal Pokmon that flies from fields and mountains to the attraction of streetlights at night. It looses highly toxic powder from its wings.
270
This Pokmon lives in ponds with clean water. It is known to ferry small Pokmon across ponds by carrying them on the broad leaf on its head.
271
In the evening, it takes great delight in popping out of rivers and startling people. It feeds on aquatic moss that grows on rocks in the riverbed.
272
When it hears festive music, all its cells become stimulated, and it begins moving in rhythm. It does not quail even when it faces a tough opponent.
273
It hangs off branches and absorbs nutrients. When it finishes eating, its body becomes so heavy that it drops to the ground with a thump.
274
A forest-dwelling Pokmon that is skilled at climbing trees. Its long and pointed nose is its weak point. It loses power if the nose is gripped.
275
It is said to arrive on chilly, wintry winds. Feared from long ago as the guardian of forests, this Pokmon lives in a deep forest without people.
276
Although it is small, it is very courageous. It will take on a larger Skarmory on an equal footing. However, its will weakens if it becomes hungry.
277
A Swellow dives upon prey from far above. It never misses its targets. It takes to the skies in search of lands with a warm climate.
278
It makes its nest on a sheer cliff at the edge of the sea. It has trouble keeping its wings flapping in flight. Instead, it soars on updrafts.
279
It skims the tops of waves as it flies. When it spots prey, it uses its large beak to scoop up the victim with water. It protects its eggs in its beak.
280
A Ralts has the power to sense the emotions of people and Pokmon with the horns on its head. It takes cover if it senses any hostility.
281
A Kirlia has the psychic power to create a rip in the dimensions and see into the future. It is said to dance with pleasure on sunny mornings.
282
It apparently does not feel the pull of gravity because it supports itself with psychic power. It will give its life to protect its trainer.
283
They gather on puddles after evening downpours, gliding across the surface of water as if sliding. It secretes honey with a sweet aroma from its head.
284
It intimidates foes with the eyelike patterns on its antennae. Because it can't fly with its wings, it shelters itself from rain under large trees and eaves.
285
It loves to eat damp, composted soil in forests. If you enter a forest after a long rain, you can see many Shroomish feasting on composted soil.
286
It scatters spores from holes in the cap on its head. It loves warm and humid climates. It feeds on trees and plants in fields and forests.
287
It sleeps virtually all day and night long. It doesn't change its nest its entire life, but it sometimes travels great distances by swimming in rivers.
288
It can't keep still because its filled with energy. It runs through fields and mountains all day to calm itself. If it doesn't, it can't sleep at night.
289
Hordes of Slaking gather around trees when fruits come into season. They wait around patiently for ripened fruits to fall out of the trees.
290
It makes its nest at the roots of a mighty tree. Using its whiskerlike antennae, it probes its surroundings in the pitch-black darkness of soil.
291
Because it darts about vigorously at high speed, it is very difficult to see. Hearing its distinctive cries for too long induces a headache.
292
A peculiar Pokmon that floats in air even though its wings remain completely still. The inside of its body is hollow and utterly dark.
293
Its cries equal a jet plane in volume. It inhales through its ear canals. Because of this, it can cry continually without having to catch its breath.
294
It positions the round speakers on its head to assail foes with ultrasonic waves at massive volume. It builds power by stomping the ground.
295
It has sound-generating organs all over its body. It communicates with others by adjusting the tone and volume of the cries it emits.
296
It loves to toughen up its body above all else. If you hear quaking rumbles in a cave, it is the sound of Makuhita undertaking strenuous training.
297
It has the habit of challenging others without hesitation to test its strength. It's been known to stop trains using forearm thrusts.
298
Its tail, which is packed with nutrition, is very bouncy like a rubber ball. On sunny days they gather at the edge of water and splash about for fun.
299
Its body emits a powerful magnetism. It feeds on prey that is pulled in by the force. Its magnetism is stronger in cold seasons.
300
A Skitty's adorably cute behavior makes it highly popular. In battle, it makes its tail puff out. It threatens foes with a sharp growl.
301
Rather than keeping a permanent lair, it habitually seeks comfortable spots and sleeps there. It is nocturnal and becomes active at dusk.
302
It digs branching holes in caves using its sharp claws in search of food--raw gems. A Sableye lurks in darkness and is seen only rarely.
303
Its giant jaws are actually steel horns that transformed. It fools foes into complacency with its adorable gestures, then chomps them with its huge jaws.
304
A Pokmon that is clad in steel armor. A new suit of armor is made when it evolves. The old armor is salvaged as metal for making iron products.
305
When two Lairon meet in the wild, they fight for territory by bashing into each other. The sound of their collision carries for miles.
306
Its iron horns grow longer a little at a time. They determine the Aggron's age. The gouges in its armor are worn with pride as mementos from battles.
307
It continually meditates for hours every day. As a result of rigorous and dedicated yoga training, it has tempered its spiritual power so much it can fly.
308
Through crushingly harsh yoga training, it gained the power to foretell its foe's actions. It battles with elegant, dance- like movement.
309
It generates electricity using friction from the atmosphere. In seasons with especially arid air, its entire body blazes with violent showers of sparks.
310
Because lightning falls in their vicinities, Manectric were thought to have been born from lightning. In battle, they create thunderclouds.
311
It has the trait of cheering on its fellow Pokmon. By shorting out the electricity it releases from its paws, it creates pom-poms for cheering.
312
At a meeting of Pokmon academics, it was announced that simultaneous exposure to electricity from a Minun will promote circulation and boost vitality.
313
With their taillights lit, Volbeat fly in a swarm, drawing geometric designs in the night sky. They move their nests if their pond water becomes dirty.
314
A nocturnal Pokmon that becomes active upon nightfall. It leads Volbeat swarms to draw patterns in the sky. Over 200 different patterns have been seen.
315
A Roselia that drinks nutritionally rich springwater blooms with lovely flowers. The fragrance of its flowers has the effect of making its foes careless.
316
This Pokmon's stomach fluid can even digest scrap iron. In one gulp, it can swallow something that is as large as itself.
317
Its powerful stomach acid is capable of digesting almost anything. The one thing in the whole world a Swalot can't digest is its own stomach.
318
Carvanha attack ships in swarms, making them sink. Although it is said to be a very vicious Pokmon, it timidly flees as soon as it finds itself alone.
319
The vicious and sly gangster of the sea. Its skin is specially textured to minimize drag in water. Its speed tops out at over 75 miles per hour.
320
While this Pokmon usually lives in the sea, it can survive on land, although not too long. It loses vitality if its body becomes dried out.
321
It breathes through nostrils that it raises above the sea. By inhaling to its maximum capacity, a Wailord can dive close to 10,000 feet beneath the waves.
322
It stores boiling magma in the hump on its back. Numel is a hardy Pokmon that can transport a 220-pound load. It has served humans at work since long ago.
323
A Pokmon that lives in the crater of a volcano. Every 10 years, the volcanoes on its back erupt violently. Research is under way on the cause of eruption.
324
It battles using energy it gets from burning coal. When loosing smoke from its nostrils, it lets off a sound that is similar to a locomotive's horn.
325
A Pokmon that manipulates psychic power at will. It doesn't stop bouncing even when it is asleep. It loves eating mushrooms that grow underground.
326
It stores power in the black pearls on its forehead. When it uses psychic power, it performs an odd dance. Its dance style became hugely popular overseas.
327
It is distinguished by a pattern of spots that is always different. Its unsteady, tottering walk has the effect of fouling its foe's aim.
328
Its big jaws crunch through boulders. Because its head is so big, it has a hard time getting back upright if it tips over onto its back.
329
It looses ultrasonic waves by rubbing its wings together. Since a Vibrava's wings are still in the process of growing, it can only fly short distances.
330
The flapping of its wings sounds like singing. To prevent detection by enemies, it hides itself by flapping up a cloud of desert sand.
331
Cacnea live in deserts with virtually no rainfall. It battles by swinging its thick, spiked arms. Once a year, a yellow flower blooms.
332
After spending thousands of years in harsh deserts, its blood transformed into the same substances as sand. It is nocturnal, so it hunts at night.
333
A Pokmon that has wings like cottony clouds. After enduring winter, in which little food is available, Swablu flocks move closer to towns in the spring.
334
It hums in a beautiful soprano voice. It flies among white clouds in the blue sky. It launches intensely hot fireballs from its mouth.
335
When it battles, it stands on its hind legs and attacks with its sharply clawed forelegs. Its fur bristles if it encounters any Seviper.
336
Seviper and Zangoose are eternal rivals. It counters a Zangoose's incredible agility with its swordlike tail, which also oozes a horrible poison.
337
It becomes very active on the night of a full moon. This Pokmon was first discovered 40 years ago at the site of a meteor strike.
338
Solar energy is the source of this Pokmon's power. On sunny days, groups of Solrock line up facing the sun and absorb its light.
339
Its body is covered with a slimy film. The film acts as a barrier to prevent germs in muddy water from entering the Barboach's body.
340
It can foretell earthquakes. In the daytime, it sleeps in mud at the bottom of a pond. When it awakens, it continually feeds throughout the night.
341
Once it grips prey with its large pincers, it will never let go, no matter what. It is a hardy Pokmon that can thrive in any environment.
342
A brutish Pokmon that loves to battle. A veteran Crawdaunt that has prevailed in hundreds of battles has giant pincers marked with countless scars.
343
A Baltoy moves by spinning on its single foot. It has been depicted in murals adorning the walls of a once-bustling city in an ancient age.
344
A Claydol sleeps while hovering in midair. Its arms are separate from its body. They are kept floating by the Pokmon's manipulation of psychic power.
345
It disguises itself as seaweed by swaying its tentacles. Unsuspecting prey that come too close are swallowed whole. It became extinct 100 million years ago.
346
It drags its heavy body along the seafloor. It makes its nest in the shallows of warm seas. Cradily can be seen on beaches when the tide goes out.
347
It was resurrected from a fossil. Anorith swims by undulating the eight wings at its sides. They were feet that adapted to life in the sea.
348
Armaldo usually lives on land. However, when it hunts for prey, it dives beneath the ocean. It swims around using its two large wings.
349
Feebas live in ponds that are heavily infested with weeds. Because of its hopelessly shabby appearance, it seems as if few trainers raise it.
350
It is said to live at the bottom of large lakes. Considered to be the most beautiful of all Pokmon, it has been depicted in paintings and statues.
351
It alters its form depending on the weather. Changes in the climate such as the temperature and humidity appear to affect its cellular structure.
352
A Pokmon that has the ability to alter its body colors to match its surroundings. A Kecleon reverts to its original colors if it is startled.
353
This Pokmon roams about deep in the night seeking such negative emotions as grudges and envy. It retreats to its nest when the sun begins to rise.
354
An abandoned plush doll became this Pokmon. They are said to live in garbage dumps and wander about in search of the children that threw them away.
355
A glare from its single scarlet eye makes even burly grown-ups freeze in fear. It is a nocturnal Pokmon that roams about under the cloak of darkness.
356
It is thought that its body is hollow with only a spectral ball of fire burning inside. However, no one has been able to confirm this theory as fact.
357
It flies by flapping its broad leaves. The bunch of fruit that grows around its neck is deliciously sweet. In the spring, it scatters pollen from its neck.
358
They fly about very actively when the hot season arrives. They communicate among themselves using seven different and distinguishing cries.
359
It sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters. It is a long-lived Pokmon that has a life-span of 100 years.
360
A Wynaut loves to eat sweet fruits. It cleverly picks fruits using its earlike arms. They gather in fruit gardens, drawn by the fragrance.
361
They tend to move about in groups of around five. In snowy regions, it is said that when they are seen late at night, snowfall will arrive by morning.
362
A Glalie has the power to instantaneously freeze moisture in the atmosphere. A dazzling cloud of diamondlike ice crystals forms around its body.
363
It is completely covered with plushy fur. As a result, it never feels the cold even when it is rolling about on ice floes or diving in the sea.
364
Sealeo live in herds on ice floes. Using its powerful flippers, it shatters ice. It dives into the sea to hunt prey five times a day.
365
To protect its herd, the leader battles anything that invades its territory, even at the cost of its life. Its tusks may snap off in battle.
366
A Clamperl slams its shell closed on prey to prevent escape. The pearl it creates upon evolution is said to be infused with a mysterious energy.
367
To withstand the pressure of water deep under the sea, its spine is very sturdy. Its tail, which is shaped like a small fish, has eyes that light up.
368
A Gorebyss siphons the body fluids of prey through its thin, tubular mouth. Its light pink body color turns vivid when it finishes feeding.
369
A Pokmon that was once believed to have been extinct. The species has not changed for 100 million years. It walks on the seafloor using its pectoral fins.
370
Luvdisc make the branches of Corsola their nests. There is a custom from long ago of giving a Luvdisc as a gift to express one's feelings of love.
371
Although it is small, this Pokmon is very powerful because its body is a bundle of muscles. It launches head-butts with its ironlike skull.
372
It hardly eats while it awaits evolution. It becomes hardier by enduring hunger. Its shell peels off the instant it begins to evolve.
373
After many long years, its cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings. When angered, it loses all thought and rampages out of control.
374
When Beldum gather in a swarm, they move in perfect unison as if they were but one Pokmon. They communicate with each other using brain waves.
375
The claws tipping its arms pack the destructive power to tear through thick iron sheets as if they were silk. It flies at over 60 miles per hour.
376
Metagross has four brains that are joined by a complex neural network. As a result of integration, this Pokmon is smarter than a supercomputer.
377
A Pokmon that is made entirely of rocks and boulders. If parts of its body chip off in battle, Regirock repairs itself by adding new rocks.
378
Its entire body is made of Antarctic ice. After extensive studies, researchers believe the ice was formed during an ice age.
379
Its body is harder than any other kind of metal. The body metal is composed of a mysterious substance. It can also shrink and stretch flexibly.
380
They make a small herd of only several members. They rarely make contact with people or other Pokmon. They disappear if they sense enemies.
381
Even in hiding, it can detect the locations of others and sense their emotions telepathically. Its intelligence allows it to understand human languages.
382
Kyogre has appeared in mythology as the creator of the sea. After long years of feuding with Groudon, it took to sleep at the bottom of the sea.
383
Groudon has appeared in mythology as the creator of the land. It sleeps in magma underground and is said to make volcanoes erupt on awakening.
384
A Pokmon that flies endlessly in the ozone layer. It is said it would descend to the ground if Kyogre and Groudon were to fight.
385
Jirachi is said to make wishes come true. While it sleeps, a tough crystalline shell envelops the body to protect it from enemies.
386
A Pokmon that mutated from an extraterrestrial virus exposed to a laser beam. Its body is configured for superior agility and speed.
387
Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes.
388
It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell.
389
Small Pokmon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
390
It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps.
391
To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger.
392
It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out.
393
Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold.
394
It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important.
395
The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
396
They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power.
397
It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokmon. It stays within a huge flock.
398
It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger.
399
With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears.
400
It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
401
It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone.
402
It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
403
All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
404
Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
405
It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects.
406
Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen.
407
It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms.
408
It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron.
409
Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact.
410
A Pokmon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard.
411
Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokmon that feeds on grass and berries.
412
To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves.
413
When Burmy evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokmon's body. The cloak is never shed.
414
It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by Combee.
415
A Pokmon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to Vespiquen.
416
Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by Combee.
417
It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
418
It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out.
419
It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
420
The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty.
421
It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud.
422
Its colors and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed.
423
It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back.
424
To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now.
425
A Pokmon formed by the spirits of people and Pokmon. It loves damp, humid seasons.
426
It's drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go.
427
It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain.
428
An extremely cautious Pokmon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger.
429
Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations.
430
Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous Murkrow in tow.
431
It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
432
It is a brazen brute that barges its way into another Pokmon's nest and claims it as its own.
433
It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops.
434
It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
435
It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
436
Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.
437
One caused a news sensation when it was dug up at a construction site after a 2,000-year sleep.
438
It looks as if it is always crying. It is actually adjusting its body's fluid levels by eliminating excess.
439
It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokmon.
440
It loves round white things. It carries an egg-shaped rock in imitation of Chansey.
441
It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying.
442
A Pokmon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone.
443
It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close.
444
There is a long-held belief that medicine made from its scales will heal even incurable illnesses.
445
When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed.
446
It wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost no chewing.
447
The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad.
448
It has the ability to sense the auras of all things. It understands human speech.
449
It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body.
450
It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack.
451
It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.
452
It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison.
453
Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers.
454
Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal.
455
It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey.
456
After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives.
457
It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.
458
A friendly Pokmon that captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae.
459
It lives on snowy mountains. Having had little contact with humans, it is boldly inquisitive.
460
It whips up blizzards in mountains that are always buried in snow. It is the abominable snowman.
461
They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination.
462
It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
463
It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
464
It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. Geodude are shot at rare times.
465
It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
466
It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power.
467
It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees F from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters.
468
It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently.
469
By churning its wings, it creates shock waves that inflict critical internal injuries to foes.
470
Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air.
471
As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles.
472
It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!
473
Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
474
Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokmon. It began acting oddly, however.
475
A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows.
476
It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
477
The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
478
It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees F. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
479
Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
480
Known as The Being of Knowledge. It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes.
481
Known as The Being of Emotion. It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy.
482
Known as The Being of Willpower. It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance.
483
It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity.
484
It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology.
485
It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
486
There is an enduring legend that states this Pokmon towed continents with ropes.
487
A Pokmon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery.
488
Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
489
A Pokmon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food.
490
Born on a cold seafloor, it will swim great distances to return to its birthplace.
491
It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon.
492
It lives in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to look like a flowering plant.
493
It is described in mythology as the Pokmon that shaped the universe with its 1,000 arms.
494
It creates an unlimited supply of energy inside its body, which it shares with those who touch it.
495
They photosynthesize by bathing their tails in sunlight. When they are not feeling well, their tails droop.
496
They avoid attacks by sinking into the shadows of thick foliage. They retaliate with masterful whipping techniques.
497
They raise their heads to intimidate opponents but only give it their all when fighting a powerful opponent.
498
It blows fire through its nose. When it catches a cold, the fire becomes pitch-black smoke instead.
499
Whatever it eats becomes fuel for the flame in its stomach. When it is angered, the intensity of the flame increases.
500
It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire.
501
The scalchop on its stomach is made from the same element as claws. It detaches the scalchop for use as a blade.
502
Scalchop techniques differ from one Dewott to another. It never neglects maintaining its scalchops.
503
Part of the armor on its anterior legs becomes a giant sword. Its cry alone is enough to intimidate most enemies.
504
Extremely cautious, they take shifts to maintain a constant watch of their nest. They feel insecure without a lookout.
505
They make the patterns on their bodies shine in order to threaten predators. Keen eyesight lets them see in the dark.
506
The long hair around its face provides an amazing radar that lets it sense subtle changes in its surroundings.
507
It loyally follows its Trainer's orders. For ages, they have helped Trainers raise Pokmon.
508
This extremely wise Pokmon excels at rescuing people stranded at sea or in the mountains.
509
Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws.
510
Stealthily, it sneaks up on its target, striking from behind before its victim has a chance to react.
511
It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking Pokmon. These leaves are known to relieve stress.
512
It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokmon is wild tempered.
513
This Pokmon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600 F.
514
A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers from its head and tail to sear its opponents.
515
It does not thrive in dry environments. It keeps itself damp by shooting water stored in its head tuft from its tail.
516
The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall.
517
It eats the dreams of people and Pokmon. When it eats a pleasant dream, it expels pink-colored mist.
518
With the mist from its forehead, it can create shapes of things from dreams it has eaten.
519
These Pokmon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas.
520
Many people believe that, deep in the forest where Tranquill live, there is a peaceful place where there is no war.
521
Males have plumage on their heads. They will never let themselves feel close to anyone other than their trainers.
522
When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. It can catch lightning with its mane and store the electricity.
523
This ill-tempered Pokmon is dangerous because when it's angry, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions.
524
They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core.
525
Because its energy was too great to be contained, the energy leaked and formed orange crystals.
526
The solar energy absorbed by its body's orange crystals is magnified internally and fired from its mouth.
527
Suction from its nostrils enables it to stick to cave walls during sleep. It leaves a heart-shaped mark behind.
528
Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift.
529
It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting both claws together and rotating at high speed.
530
More than 300 feet below the surface, they build mazelike nests. Their activity can be destructive to subway tunnels.
531
Its auditory sense is astounding. It has a radar-like ability to understand its surrounding through slight sounds.
532
These Pokmon appear at building sites and help out with construction. They always carry squared logs.
533
They strengthen their bodies by carrying steel beams. They show off their big muscles to their friends.
534
They use concrete pillars as walking canes. They know moves that enable them to swing the pillars freely in battle.
535
By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk.
536
It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to capture prey.
537
It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.
538
When they encounter foes bigger than themselves, they try to throw them. They always travel in packs of five.
539
Tying their belts gets them pumped and makes their punches more destructive. Disturbing their training angers them.
540
This Pokmon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth.
541
It protects itself from the cold by wrapping up in leaves. It stays on the move, eating leaves in forests.
542
t keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle.
543
It discovers what is going on around it by using the feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggresive.
544
It is usually motionless, but when attacked, it rotates at high speed and then crashes into its opponent.
545
Highly aggressive, it uses the claws near its neck to dig into its opponents and poison them.
546
They go wherever the wind takes them. On rainy days, their bodies are heavier, so they take shelter beneath big trees.
547
Riding whirlwinds, they appear. These Pokmon sneak through gaps into houses and cause all sorts of mischief.
548
Since they prefer moist, nutrient-rich soil, the areas where Petilil live are known to be good for growing plants.
549
The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it.
550
Red and blue Basculin usually do not get along, but sometimes members of one school mingle with the other's school.
551
It moves along below the sand's surface, except for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its eyes from the sun.
552
The special membrane covering its eyes can sense the heat of objects, so it can see its surroundings, even in darkness.
553
It can expand the focus of its eyes, enabling it to see objects in the far distance as if it were using binoculars.
554
Darumaka's droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm.
555
When weakened in battle, it transforms into a stone statue. Then it sharpens its mind and fights on mentally.
556
Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas.
557
it makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock breaks, the Pokmon remains agitated until it locates a replacement.
558
It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land.
559
It immediately headbutts anyone that makes eye contact with it. Its skull is massively thick.
560
It can smash concrete blocks with its kicking attacks. The one with the biggest crest is the group leader.
561
The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory.
562
These Pokmon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves in past ages. Each retains memories of its former life.
563
They pretend to be elaborate coffins to teach lessons to grave robbers. Their bodies are covered in pure gold.
564
About 100 million years ago, these Pokmon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey.
565
Incredible jaw strength enables them to chew up steel beams and rocks along with their prey.
566
Revived from a fossil, this Pokmon is thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokmon.
567
It runs better than it flies. It catches prey by running at speeds comparable to those of an automobile.
568
The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokmon.
569
They absorb garbage and make it part of their bodies. They shoot a poisonous liquid from their right-hand fingertips.
570
To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokmon.
571
Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery.
572
These Pokmon prefer a tidy habitat. They are always sweeping and dusting, using their tails as brooms.
573
Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up.
574
They intently observe both Trainers and Pokmon. Apparently, they are looking at something that only Gothita can see.
575
Starlight is the source of their power. At night, they mark star positions by using psychic power to float stones.
576
They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers' life spans.
577
Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they can survive in any environment.
578
When their brains, now divided in two, are thinking the same thoughts, these Pokmon exhibit their maximum power.
579
These remarkably intelligent Pokmon fight by controlling arms that can grip with rock-crushing power.
580
When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water, escaping under cover of the spray.
581
It administers sharp, powerful pecks with its bill. It whips its long neck to deliver forceful repeated strikes.
582
This Pokmon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow.
583
It conceals itself from enemy eyes by creating many small ice particles and hiding among them.
584
If both heads get angry simultaneously, this Pokmon expels a blizzard, burying everything in snow.
585
The turning of the seasons changes the color and scent of this Pokmon's fur. People use it to mark the seasons.
586
The plants growing on its horns change according to the season. The leaders of the herd possess magnificent horns.
587
They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity.
588
When they feel threatened, they spit an acidic liquid to drive attackers away. This Pokmon targets Shelmet.
589
These Pokmon evolve by wearing the shell covering of a Shelmet. The steel armor protects their whole body.
590
For some reason, this Pokmon resembles a Pok Ball. They release poison spores to repel those who try to catch them.
591
They show off their Pok Ball caps to lure prey, but very few Pokmon are fooled by this.
592
They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface.
593
They propel themselves by expelling absorbed seawater from their bodies. Their favorite food is life energy.
594
Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokmon, they embrace it and bring it to shore.
595
They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokmon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch.
596
They employ an electrically charged web to trap their prey. While it is immobilized by shock, they leisurely consume it.
597
They stick their spikes into cave walls and absorb the minerals they find in the rock.
598
They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them.
599
Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live.
600
Spinning minigears are rotated at high speed and repeatedly fired away. It is dangerous if the gears don't return.
601
The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed for a rapid energy charge.
602
These Pokmon move in schools. They have an electricity-generating organ, so they discharge electricity if in danger.
603
These Pokmon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity.
604
With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey. Then they use their fangs to shock the prey with electricity.
605
This Pokmon had never been seen until it appeared from far in the desert 50 years ago.
606
It uses psychic power to control an opponent's brain and tamper with its memories.
607
While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it.
608
It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body.
609
Being consumed in Chandelure's flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind.
610
They mark their territory by leaving gashes in trees with their tusks. If a tusk breaks, a new one grows in quickly.
611
Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles between Fraxure can be intensely violent.
612
Their sturdy tusks will stay sharp even if used to cut steel beams. These Pokmon are covered in hard armor.
613
Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up because the mucus provides the raw material for its moves.
614
It freezes its breath to create fangs and claws of ice to fight with. Cold northern areas are its habitat.
615
They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey.
616
It evolves when bathed in an electric-like energy along with Karrablast. The reason is still unknown.
617
Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very light and can fight with ninja-like movements.
618
It conceals itself in the mud of the seashore. Then it waits. When prey touch it, it delivers a jolt of energy.
619
They have mastered elegant combos. As they concentrate, their battle moves become swifter and more precise.
620
They use the long fur on their arms as a whip to strike their opponents.
621
It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than a rock.
622
These Pokmon are thought to have been created by the science of an ancient and mysterious civilization.
623
It is said that Golurk were ordered to protect people and Pokmon by the ancient people who made them.
624
They fight at Bisharp's command. They cling to their prey and inflict damage by sinking their blades into it.
625
Bisharp pursues prey in the company of a large group of Pawniard. Then Bisharp finishes off the prey.
626
They charge wildly and headbutt everything. Their headbutts have enough destructive force to derail a train.
627
They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger.
628
The more scars they have, the more respect these brave soldiers of the sky get from their peers.
629
They tend to guard their posteriors with suitable bones they have found. They pursue weak Pokmon.
630
Watching from the sky, they swoop to strike weakened Pokmon on the ground. They decorate themselves with bones.
631
Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues, they burn through Durant's steel bodies and consume their insides.
632
Durant dig nests in mountains. They build their complicated, interconnected tunnels in mazes.
633
They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds.
634
Since their two heads do not get along and compete with each other for food, they always eat too much.
635
The heads on their arms do not have brains. They use all three heads to consume and destroy everything.
636
The base of volcanoes is where they make their homes. They shoot fire from their five horns to repel attacking enemies.
637
A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles, since they use their six wings to scatter their ember scales.
638
It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is sufficient to make even an unruly Pokmon obey it.
639
Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokmon is spoken of in legends.
640
Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents.
641
Tornadus expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away.
642
The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off lightning bolts.
643
When Reshiram's tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world's weather.
644
This Pokmon appears in legends. In its tail, it has a giant generator that creates electricity.
645
The energy that comes pouring from its tail increases the nutrition in the soil, making crops grow to great size.
646
It can produce ultracold air. Its body is frozen.
647
It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts.
648
Many famous songs have been inspired by the melodies that Meloetta plays.
649
This ancient bug Pokmon was altered by Team Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back.
650
The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock.
651
They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won't start fights.
652
When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast.
653
As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears.
654
When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies.
655
It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future.
656
It protects its skin by covering its body in delicate bubbles. Beneath its happy-go-lucky air, it keeps a watchful eye on its surroundings.
657
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away.
658
It appears and vanishes with a ninja's grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water.
659
It has ears like shovels.  Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly.
660
As powerful as an excavator, its ears can reduce dense bedrock to rubble.  When it's finished digging, it lounges lazily.
661
These friendly Pokemon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements.
662
The hotter the flame sac on its belly, the faster it can fly, but it takes some time to get the fire going.
663
In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air.
664
The powder that covers its body regulates its temperature, so it can live in any region or climate.
665
It lives hidden within thicket shadows.  When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them.
666
Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world.  These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.
667
They set off on their own from their pride and live by themselves to become stronger. These hot-blooded Pokmon are quick to fight.
668
With fiery breath of more than 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, they viciously threaten any challenger. The females protect the pride's cubs.
669
When it finds a flower it likes, it dwells on that flower its whole life long.  It floats in the wind's embrace with an untroubled heart.
670
It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for flowers that are starting to wilt.  It draws out the power of flowers to battle.
671
It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and it obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants.
672
Thought to be one of the first Pokemon to live in harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition.
673
They inhabit mountainous regions.  The leader of the herd is decided by a battle of clashing horns.
674
It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating.  Chewing on a leaf is its trademark.
675
It charges ahead and bashes its opponents like a berserker, uncaring about any hits it might take.  Its arms are mighty enough to snap a telephone pole.
676
Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokemon were the designated guardians of the king.
677
It has enough psychic energy to blast everything within 300 feet of itself, but it has no control over its power.
678
When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck to dust.
679
Apparently this Pokemon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword.  It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force.
680
The complex attack patterns of its two swords are unstoppable, even for an opponent greatly accomplished at swordplay.
681
Apparently, it can detect the innate qualities of leadership.  According to legend, whoever it recognizes is destined to become king.
682
In the past, rather than using perfume, royal ladies carried a Spritzee that would waft a fragrance they liked.
683
Its scent is so overpowering that, unless a Trainer happens to really enjoy the smell, he or she will have a hard time walking alongside it.
684
To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and as sticky as cotton candy.
685
Its sense of smell is 100 million times better than a human's. Even the faintest scent tells it about everything around. It can see with its nose.
686
It flashes the light-emitting spots on its body, which drains its opponent's will to fight. It takes the opportunity to scuttle away and hide.
687
It lures its prey close with hypnotic motions, then wraps its tentacles around it before finishing it off with digestive fluids.
688
Two Binacle live together on one rock. When they fight, one of them will move to a different rock.
689
Barbaracle's legs and hands have minds of their own, and they will move independently. But they usually follow the head's orders.
690
Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey that approaches unawares and then finish it off.
691
Tales are told of ships that wander into seas where Dragalge live, never to return.
692
They knock down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol.
693
Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls.
694
They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement.
695
They flare their frills and generate energy. A single Heliolisk can generate sufficiant electricity to power a skyscraper.
696
Its immense jaws have enough destructive force that it can chew up an automobile.  It lived 100 million years ago.
697
Nothing could stop this Pokemon 100 million years ago, so it behaved like a king.
698
This ancient Pokemon was restored from part of its body that had been frozen in ice for over 100 million years.
699
The diamond-shaped crystals on its body expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice.
700
It sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to calm fights.
701
Although its body is small, its proficient fighting skills enable it to keep up with big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama.
702
It uses its tail to absorb electricity from power plants or from outlets in houses, and then it fires the electricity from its whiskers.
703
It has slept underground for hundreds of millions of years since its birth. It's occasionally found during the excavation of caves.
704
The weakest Dragon-type Pokmon, it lives in damp, shady places, so its body doesn't dry out.
705
It drives away opponents by excreting a sticky liquid that can dissolve anything. Its eyes devolved, so it can't see anything.
706
This very friendly Dragon-type Pokemon will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving that Trainer covered in sticky slime.
707
It never lets go of a key that it likes, so people give it the keys to vaults and safes as a way to prevent crime.
708
According to old tales, these Pokmon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died while lost in the forest.
709
It can control trees at will. It will trap people who harm the forest, so they can never leave.
710
The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active.
711
It enwraps its prey in its hairlike arms. It sings joyfully as it observes the suffering of its prey.
712
It blocks opponents' attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice.
713
Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way.
714
They live in pitch black caves. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz.
715
The ultrasonic waves it emits from its ears can reduce a large boulder to pebbles. It swoops out of the dark to attack.
716
Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival.
717
When its life comes to an end, it absorbs the life energy of every living thing and turns into a cocoon once more.
718
It's hypothesized that it's monitoring those who destroy the ecosystem from deep in the cave where it lives.
719
It can instantly create many diamonds by compressing the carbon in the air between its hands.
720
This troublemaker sends anything and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space
721
It expels its internal steam from the arms on its back. It has enough power to blow away a mountain.
722
Silently it glides, drawing near its targets. Before they even notice it, it begins to pelt them with vicious kicks.
723
A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any dirt on its plumage can leave it unable to battle.
724
Although basically cool and cautious, when it's caught by surprise, it's seized by panic.
725
It doesn't allow its emotions to be easily seen. Earning its trust takes time. It prefers solitude.
726
At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings brightly whenever this Pokmon spits fire.
727
This Pokmon has a violent, selfish disposition. If it's not in the mood to listen, it will ignore its Trainer's orders with complete nonchalance.
728
This Pokmon snorts body fluids from its nose, blowing balloons to smash into its foes. It's famous for being a hard worker.
729
It cares deeply for its companions. When its Trainer is feeling down, it performs a cheery dance to try and help.
730
Its singing voice is its chief weapon in battle. This Pokmon's Trainer must prioritize the daily maintenance of its throat at all costs.
731
It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to drill holes in trees. It uses the holes for food storage and for nesting.
732
By bending its beak, it can produce a variety of calls and brand itself a noisy nuisance for its neighbors.
733
Within its beak, its internal gas ignites, explosively launching seeds with enough power to pulverize boulders.
734
It wanders around in a never-ending search for food. At dusk, it collapses from exhaustion and falls asleep on the spot.
735
When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently stakes out the location...but it's always snoozing by nightfall.
736
Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and slurp out the sap. It normally lives underground.
737
Its body is capable of storing electricity. On camping trips, people are grateful to have one around.
738
It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening. It concentrates electrical energy within its large jaws and uses it to zap its enemies.
739
It punches so much, its pincers often come off from overuse, but they grow back quickly. What little meat they contain is rich and delicious.
740
It just throws punches indiscriminately. In times of desperation, it can lop off its own pincers and fire them like rockets.
741
It beats its wings together to create fire. As it moves in the steps of its beautiful dance, it bathes opponents in intense flames.
742
Myriads of Cutiefly flutter above the heads of people who have auras resembling those of flowers.
743
It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many different varieties, some used as food and others used in battle.
744
This Pokmon has lived with people since times long ago. It can sense when its Trainer is in the dumps and will stick close by its Trainer's side.
745
The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. Lycanroc wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off.
746
It's awfully weak and notably tasty, so everyone is always out to get it. As it happens, anyone trying to bully it receives a painful lesson.
747
It plunges the poison spike on its head into its prey. When the prey has weakened, Mareanie deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles.
748
Those attacked by Toxapex's poison will suffer intense pain for three days and three nights. Post-recovery, there will be some aftereffects.
749
It has a stubborn, individualistic disposition. Eating dirt, making mud, and playing in the mire all form part of its daily routine.
750
Its heavy, mud-covered kicks are its best means of attack, and it can reduce large trucks to scrap without breaking a sweat.
751
It crawls onto the land in search of food. Its water bubble allows it to breathe and protects its soft head.
752
Despite what its appearance suggests, it cares for others. If it finds vulnerable, weak Pokmon, it protectively brings them into its water bubble.
753
During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. When night falls, it walks around looking for a safer place to sleep.
754
It requires a lot of effort to maintain Lurantis's vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this work and treat it as their hobby.
755
It scatters spores that flicker and glow. Anyone seeing these lights falls into a deep slumber.
756
Forests where Shiinotic live are treacherous to enter at night. People confused by its strange lights can never find their way home again.
757
It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous gas. When its enemies become disoriented from inhaling the gas, it attacks them.
758
Filled with pheromones, its poisonous gas can be diluted to use in the production of luscious perfumes.
759
A touch from anyone except a known friend sends it into a surging frenzy. It's an incredibly dangerous Pokmon.
760
This Pokmon has the habit of hugging its companions. Many Trainers have left this world after their spines were squashed by its hug.
761
A delectable aroma pours from its body. They are often swallowed whole by Toucannon lured by that wafting deliciousness.
762
This Pokmon is always bouncing around energetically. Other Pokmon are attracted by its lively appearance and pleasant aroma.
763
Its long, striking legs aren't just for show but to be used to kick with skill. In victory, it shows off by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously.
764
Baths prepared with the flowers from its vine have a relaxing effect, so this Pokmon is a hit with many people.
765
Deep in the jungle, high in the lofty canopy, this Pokmon abides. On rare occasions, it shows up at the beach to match wits with Slowking.
766
They form groups of roughly 20 individuals. Their mutual bond is remarkablethey will never let down a comrade.
767
This Pokmon is a coward. As it desperately dashes off, the flailing of its many legs leaves a sparkling clean path in its wake.
768
With a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws, it cleaves seawateror even airright in two.
769
It takes control of anyone who puts a hand in its mouth. And so it adds to the accumulation of its sand-mound body.
770
Buried beneath the castle are masses of dried-up bones from those whose vitality it has drained.
771
These Pokmon line the beaches. The sticky mucus that covers their bodies can be used to soothe sunburned skin. How convenient!
772
Due to the danger that this synthetic Pokmon may go on a rampage, it wears a control mask to restrain its power.
773
Although its name was Type: Null at first, the boy who evolved it into this form gave it the name by which it is now known.
774
If its core stays exposed, it will soon die off. It's possible that it may survive if it's put into a Pok Ball quickly enough.
775
It is born asleep, and it dies asleep. All its movements are apparently no more than the results of it tossing and turning in its dreams.
776
The shell on its back is chemically unstable and explodes violently if struck. The hole in its stomach is its weak point.
777
The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. When this Pokmon becomes agitated, its fur stands on end and stabs into its attackers.
778
Its actual appearance is unknown. A scholar who saw what was under its rag was overwhelmed by terror and died from the shock.
779
It stuns its prey with psychokinesis and then grinds them to mush with its strong teeth. Even Shellder's shell is no match for it.
780
If a child it has made friends with is bullied, Drampa will find the bully's house and burn it to the ground.
781
Swinging its massive anchor, it can KO Wailord in a single blow. What appears to be green seaweed is actually its body.
782
It expresses its feelings by smacking its scales. Metallic sounds echo through the tall mountains where Jangmo-o lives.
783
It leaps at its prey with a courageous shout. Its scaly punches tear its opponents to shreds.
784
When it spots enemies, it threatens them by jingling the scales on its tail. Weak opponents will crack and flee in panic.
785
It confuses its enemies by flying too quickly for the eye to follow. It has a hair-trigger temper but forgets what made it angry an instant later.
786
As it flutters about, it scatters its strangely glowing scales. Touching them is said to restore good health on the spot.
787
It pulls large trees up by the roots and swings them around. It causes vegetation to grow, and then it absorbs energy from the growth.
788
The dense fog it creates brings the downfall and destruction of its confused enemies. Ocean currents are the source of its energy.
789
In ages past, it was called the child of the stars. It's said to be a Pokmon from another world, but no specific details are known.
790
Motionless as if dead, its body is faintly warm to the touch. In the distant past, it was called the cocoon of the stars.
791
This Pokmon is said to be a male evolution of Cosmog. At the activation of its third eye, it departs for another world.
792
It is said to be a female evolution of Cosmog. When its third eye activates, away it flies to another world.
793
One of several mysterious Ultra Beasts. People on the street report observing those infested by it suddenly becoming violent.
794
This Ultra Beast appeared from another world. It shows off its body, but whether that display is a boast or a threat remains unclear.
795
One of the Ultra Beasts. It refuses to touch anything, perhaps because it senses some uncleanness in this world.
796
One of the mysterious life-forms known as Ultra Beasts. Astonishing electric shocks emanate from its entire body, according to witnesses.
797
One kind of Ultra Beast. Witnesses have seen it burn down a forest by expelling gas from its two arms.
798
One of the Ultra Beast life-forms, it was observed cutting down a gigantic steel tower with one stroke of its blade.
799
A dangerous Ultra Beast, it appears to be eating constantly, but for some reason its droppings have never been found.
800
Reminiscent of the Ultra Beasts, this life-form, apparently asleep underground, is thought to have come from another world in ancient times.
801
Its mechanized body is merely a vessel. Its true self is its Soul-Heart, an artificial soul.
802
Able to conceal itself in shadows, it never appears before humans, so its very existence was the stuff of myth.
803
An Ultra Beast that lives in a different world, it cackles wildly as it sprays its opponents with poison from the needles on its head.
804
One kind of Ultra Beast, it fires a glowing, venomous liquid from its needles. This liquid is also immensely adhesive.
805
When stone walls started moving and attacking, the brute's true identity was this mysterious life-form, which brings to mind an Ultra Beast.
806
It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It's apparently one kind of Ultra Beast.
807
It approaches its enemies at the speed of lightning, then tears them limb from limb with its sharp claws.
808
It melts particles of iron and other metals found in the subsoil, so it can absorb them into its body of molten steel.
809
Revered long ago for its capacity to create iron from nothing, for some reason it has come back to life after 3,000 years.
810
It attacks with rapid beats of its stick. As it strikes with amazing speed, it gets more and more pumped.
811
When it's drumming out rapid beats in battle, it gets so caught up in the rhythm that it won't even notice that it's already knocked out its opponent.
812
The one with the best drumming techniques becomes the boss of the troop. It has a gentle disposition and values harmony among its group.
813
It has special pads on the backs of its feet, and one on its nose. Once it's raring to fight, these pads radiate tremendous heat.
814
It kicks berries right off the branches of trees and then juggles them with its feet, practicing its footwork.
815
It's skilled at both offense and defense, and it gets pumped up when cheered on. But if it starts showboating, it could put itself in a tough spot.
816
When it gets wet, its skin changes color, and this Pokmon becomes invisible as if it were camouflaged.
817
Highly intelligent but also very lazy, it keeps enemies out of its territory by laying traps everywhere.
818
Its nictitating membranes let it pick out foes' weak points so it can precisely blast them with water that shoots from its fingertips at Mach 3.
819
It eats berries nonstopa habit that has made it more resilient than it looks. It'll show up on farms, searching for yet more berries.
820
Common throughout the Galar region, this Pokmon has strong teeth and can chew through the toughest of berry shells.
821
Jumping nimbly about, this small-bodied Pokmon takes advantage of even the slightest opportunity to disorient larger opponents.
822
The lessons of many harsh battles have taught it how to accurately judge an opponent's strength.
823
With their great intellect and flying skills, these Pokmon very successfully act as the Galar region's airborne taxi service.
824
Often found in gardens, this Pokmon has hairs on its body that it uses to assess its surroundings.
825
As it grows inside its shell, it uses its psychic abilities to monitor the outside world and prepare for evolution.
826
It emits psychic energy to observe and study what's around itand what's around it can include things over six miles away.
827
Cunning and cautious, this Pokmon survives by stealing food from others. It erases its tracks with swipes of its tail as it makes off with its plunder.
828
With a lithe body and sharp claws, it goes around stealing food and eggs. Boltund is its natural enemy.
829
It whirls around in the wind while singing a joyous song. This delightful display has charmed many into raising this Pokmon.
830
The cotton on the head of this Pokmon can be spun into a glossy, gorgeous yarna Galar regional specialty.
831
If its fleece grows too long, Wooloo won't be able to move. Cloth made with the wool of this Pokmon is surprisingly strong.
832
Its majestic horns are meant only to impress the opposite gender. They never see use in battle.
833
It starts off battles by attacking with its rock-hard horn, but as soon as the opponent flinches, this Pokmon bites down and never lets go.
834
This Pokmon rapidly extends its retractable neck to sink its sharp fangs into distant enemies and take them down.
835
This gluttonous Pokmon only assists people with their work because it wants treats. As it runs, it crackles with electricity.
836
It sends electricity through its legs to boost their strength. Running at top speed, it easily breaks 50 mph.
837
It can race around like a unicycle, even on rough, rocky terrain. Burning coal sustains it.
838
By rapidly rolling its legs, it can travel at over 18 mph. The temperature of the flames it breathes exceeds 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit.
839
While it's engaged in battle, its mountain of coal will burn bright red, sending off sparks that scorch the surrounding area.
840
As soon as its born, it burrows into an apple. Not only does the apple serve as its food source, but the flavor of the fruit determines its evolution.
841
It flies on wings of apple skin and spits a powerful acid. It can also change its shape into that of an apple.
842
Its body is covered in sweet nectar, and the skin on its back is especially yummy. Children used to have it as a snack.
843
It spews sand from its nostrils. While the enemy is blinded, it burrows into the ground to hide.
844
Its unique style of coiling allows it to blast sand out of its sand sac more efficiently.
845
This hungry Pokmon swallows Arrokuda whole. Occasionally, it makes a mistake and tries to swallow a Pokmon other than its preferred prey.
846
After it's eaten its fill, its movements become extremely sluggish. That's when Cramorant swallows it up.
847
After it's eaten its fill, its movements become extremely sluggish. That's when Cramorant swallows it up.
848
It manipulates the chemical makeup of its poison to produce electricity. The voltage is weak, but it can cause a tingling paralysis.
849
This short-tempered and aggressive Pokmon chugs stagnant water to absorb any toxins it might contain.
850
It wraps prey up with its heated body, cooking them in its coils. Once they're well-done, it will voraciously nibble them down to the last morsel.
851
While its burning body is already dangerous on its own, this excessively hostile Pokmon also has large and very sharp fangs.
852
Its tentacles tear off easily, but it isn't alarmed when that happensit knows they'll grow back. It's about as smart as a three-year-old.
853
Searching for an opponent to test its skills against, it emerges onto land. Once the battle is over, it returns to the sea.
854
The teacup in which this Pokmon makes its home is a famous piece of antique tableware. Many forgeries are in circulation.
855
When angered, it launches tea from its body at the offender's mouth. The tea causes strong chills if swallowed.
856
If this Pokmon senses a strong emotion, it will run away as fast as it can. It prefers areas without people.
857
Using the braids on its head, it pummels foes to get them to quiet down. One blow from those braids would knock out a professional boxer.
858
If you're too loud around it, you risk being torn apart by the claws on its tentacle. This Pokmon is also known as the Forest Witch.
859
It sneaks into people's homes, stealing things and feasting on the negative energy of the frustrated occupants.
860
With sly cunning, it tries to lure people into the woods. Some believe it to have the power to make crops grow.
861
Its hairs work like muscle fibers. When its hairs unfurl, they latch on to opponents, ensnaring them as tentacles would.
862
It evolved after experiencing numerous fights. While crossing its arms, it lets out a shout that would make any opponent flinch.
863
After many battles, it evolved dangerous claws that come together to form daggers when extended.
864
Be cautious of the ectoplasmic body surrounding its soul. You'll become stiff as stone if you touch it.
865
After deflecting attacks with its hard leaf shield, it strikes back with its sharp leek stalk. The leek stalk is both weapon and food.
866
Its amusing movements make it very popular. It releases its psychic power from the pattern on its belly.
867
Never touch its shadowlike body, or you'll be shown the horrific memories behind the picture carved into it.
868
They say that any patisserie visited by Milcery is guaranteed success and good fortune.
869
When Alcremie is content, the cream it secretes from its hands becomes sweeter and richer.
870
The six of them work together as one Pokmon. Teamwork is also their battle strategy, and they constantly change their formation as they fight.
871
It stores electricity in each spine. Even if one gets broken off, it still continues to emit electricity for at least three hours.
872
It eats snow that piles up on the ground. The more snow it eats, the bigger and more impressive the spikes on its back grow.
873
It shows no mercy to any who desecrate fields and mountains. It will fly around on its icy wings, causing a blizzard to chase offenders away.
874
Once a year, on a specific date and at a specific time, they gather out of nowhere and form up in a circle.
875
This Pokmon keeps its heat-sensitive head cool with ice. It fishes for its food, dangling its single hair into the sea to lure in prey.
876
Through its horns, it can pick up on the emotions of creatures around it. Positive emotions are the source of its strength.
877
It carries electrically roasted seeds with it as if they're precious treasures. No matter how much it eats, it always gets hungry again in short order.
878
If a job requires serious strength, this Pokmon will excel at it. Its copper body tarnishes in the rain, turning a vibrant green color.
879
These Pokmon live in herds. Their trunks have incredible grip strength, strong enough to crush giant rocks into powder.
880
The powerful muscles in its tail generate its electricity. Compared to its lower body, its upper half is entirely too small.
881
This Pokmon lived on prehistoric seashores and was able to preserve food with the ice on its body. It went extinct because it moved so slowly.
882
Its mighty legs are capable of running at speeds exceeding 40 mph, but this Pokmon can't breathe unless it's underwater.
883
The skin on its face is impervious to attack, but breathing difficulties made this Pokmon go extinct anyway.
884
The special metal that composes its body is very light, so this Pokmon has considerable agility. It lives in caves because it dislikes the rain.
885
If this weak Pokmon is by itself, a mere child could defeat it. But if Dreepy has friends to help it train, it can evolve and become much stronger.
886
Without a Dreepy to place on its head and care for, it gets so uneasy it'll try to substitute any Pokmon it finds for the missing Dreepy.
887
Apparently the Dreepy inside Dragapult's horns eagerly look forward to being launched out at Mach speeds.
888
This Pokmon has slumbered for many years. Some say it's Zamazenta's elder sisterothers say the two Pokmon are rivals.
889
This Pokmon slept for aeons while in the form of a statue. It was asleep for so long, people forgot that it ever existed.
890
It was inside a meteorite that fell 20,000 years ago. There seems to be a connection between this Pokmon and the Dynamax phenomenon.
[4]
19
Normal,Alternate
20
Normal,Alternate
26
Normal,Alternate
27
Normal,Alternate
28
Normal,Alternate
37
Normal,Alternate
38
Normal,Alternate
50
Normal,Alternate
51
Normal,Alternate
52
Normal,Alternate
53
Normal,Alternate
74
Normal,Alternate
75
Normal,Alternate
76
Normal,Alternate
88
Normal,Alternate
89
Normal,Alternate
103
Normal,Alternate
105
Normal,Alternate
172
,Spiky-Eared
201
Angry,Bear,Chase,Direct,Engage,Find,Give,Help,Increase,Join,Keep,Laugh,Make,Nuzzle,Observe,Perform,Quicken,Reassure,Search,Tell,Undo,Vanish,Want,XXXXX,Yield,Zoom,?????,!!!!!
351
,Sunny Form,Rainy Form,Snowy Form
386
Normal Forme,Attack Forme,Defense Forme,Speed Forme
412
Plant Cloak,Sandy Cloak,Trash Cloak
413
Plant Cloak,Sandy Cloak,Trash Cloak
421
Overcast Form,Sunshine Form
422
West Sea,East Sea
423
West Sea,East Sea
479
Normal Rotom,Heat Rotom,Wash Rotom,Frost Rotom,Fan Rotom,Mow Rotom
487
Altered Forme,Origin Forme
492
Land Forme,Sky Forme
493
Normal Forme,Fighting Forme,Flying Forme,Poison Forme,Ground Forme,Rock Forme,Bug Forme,Ghost Forme,Steel Forme,Unknown Forme,Fire Forme,Water Forme,Grass Forme,Electric Forme,Psychic Forme,Ice Forme,Dragon Forme,Dark Forme
678
Meowstic,Meowstic
681
Aegislash Attack Stance,Aegislash Defense Stance
718
50%,10%,100%
741
Baile,Pom-Pom,Pa'u,Sensu
745
Midday,Midnight
746
Solo,School
773
Type: Normal,Type: Fighting,Type: Flying,Type: Poison,Type: Ground,Type: Rock,Type: Bug,Type: Ghost,Type: Steel,Type: Unknown,Type: Fire,Type: Water,Type: Grass,Type: Electric,Type: Psychic,Type: Ice,Type: Dragon,Type: Dark
774
Ruby Core,Sapphire Core,Emerald Core,Amethyst Core,Ivory Core,Ebony Core,Meteor
778
Disguised,Broken
[5]
1
Megahorn
2
Attack Order
3
Bug Buzz
4
X-Scissor
5
Signal Beam
6
U-turn
7
Steamroller
8
Bug Bite
9
Silver Wind
10
Struggle Bug
11
Twineedle
12
Fury Cutter
13
Leech Life
14
Pin Missile
15
Defend Order
16
Heal Order
17
Quiver Dance
18
Rage Powder
19
Spider Web
20
String Shot
21
Tail Glow
22
Foul Play
23
Night Daze
24
Crunch
25
Dark Pulse
26
Sucker Punch
27
Night Slash
28
Bite
29
Feint Attack
30
Snarl
31
Assurance
32
Payback
33
Pursuit
34
Thief
35
Knock Off
36
Beat Up
37
Fling
38
Punishment
39
Dark Void
40
Embargo
41
Fake Tears
42
Flatter
43
Hone Claws
44
Memento
45
Nasty Plot
46
Quash
47
Snatch
48
Switcheroo
49
Taunt
50
Torment
51
Roar of Time
52
Draco Meteor
53
Outrage
54
Dragon Rush
55
Spacial Rend
56
Dragon Pulse
57
Dragon Claw
58
Dragon Tail
59
Dragon Breath
60
Dual Chop
61
Twister
62
Dragon Rage
63
Dragon Dance
64
Bolt Strike
65
Thunder
66
Volt Tackle
67
Zap Cannon
68
Fusion Bolt
69
Thunderbolt
70
Wild Charge
71
Discharge
72
Thunder Punch
73
Volt Switch
74
Spark
75
Thunder Fang
76
Shock Wave
77
Electroweb
78
Charge Beam
79
Thunder Shock
80
Electro Ball
81
Charge
82
Magnet Rise
83
Thunder Wave
84
Focus Punch
85
High Jump Kick
86
Close Combat
87
Focus Blast
88
Superpower
89
Cross Chop
90
Dynamic Punch
91
Hammer Arm
92
Jump Kick
93
Aura Sphere
94
Sacred Sword
95
Secret Sword
96
Sky Uppercut
97
Submission
98
Brick Break
99
Drain Punch
100
Vital Throw
101
Circle Throw
102
Force Palm
103
Low Sweep
104
Revenge
105
Rolling Kick
106
Wake-Up Slap
107
Karate Chop
108
Mach Punch
109
Rock Smash
110
Storm Throw
111
Vacuum Wave
112
Double Kick
113
Arm Thrust
114
Triple Kick
115
Counter
116
Final Gambit
117
Low Kick
118
Reversal
119
Seismic Toss
120
Bulk Up
121
Detect
122
Quick Guard
123
V-create
124
Blast Burn
125
Eruption
126
Overheat
127
Blue Flare
128
Fire Blast
129
Flare Blitz
130
Magma Storm
131
Fusion Flare
132
Heat Wave
133
Inferno
134
Sacred Fire
135
Searing Shot
136
Flamethrower
137
Blaze Kick
138
Fiery Dance
139
Lava Plume
140
Fire Punch
141
Flame Burst
142
Fire Fang
143
Flame Wheel
144
Fire Pledge
145
Flame Charge
146
Ember
147
Fire Spin
148
Incinerate
149
Heat Crash
150
Sunny Day
151
Will-O-Wisp
152
Sky Attack
153
Brave Bird
154
Hurricane
155
Aeroblast
156
Fly
157
Bounce
158
Drill Peck
159
Air Slash
160
Aerial Ace
161
Chatter
162
Pluck
163
Sky Drop
164
Wing Attack
165
Acrobatics
166
Air Cutter
167
Gust
168
Peck
169
Defog
170
Feather Dance
171
Mirror Move
172
Roost
173
Tailwind
174
Shadow Force
175
Shadow Ball
176
Shadow Claw
177
Ominous Wind
178
Shadow Punch
179
Hex
180
Shadow Sneak
181
Astonish
182
Lick
183
Night Shade
184
Confuse Ray
185
Curse
186
Destiny Bond
187
Grudge
188
Nightmare
189
Spite
190
Frenzy Plant
191
Leaf Storm
192
Petal Dance
193
Power Whip
194
Seed Flare
195
Solar Beam
196
Wood Hammer
197
Leaf Blade
198
Energy Ball
199
Seed Bomb
200
Giga Drain
201
Horn Leech
202
Leaf Tornado
203
Magical Leaf
204
Needle Arm
205
Razor Leaf
206
Grass Pledge
207
Mega Drain
208
Vine Whip
209
Bullet Seed
210
Absorb
211
Grass Knot
212
Aromatherapy
213
Cotton Guard
214
Cotton Spore
215
Grass Whistle
216
Ingrain
217
Leech Seed
218
Sleep Powder
219
Spore
220
Stun Spore
221
Synthesis
222
Worry Seed
223
Earthquake
224
Earth Power
225
Dig
226
Drill Run
227
Bone Club
228
Mud Bomb
229
Bulldoze
230
Mud Shot
231
Bonemerang
232
Sand Tomb
233
Bone Rush
234
Mud-Slap
235
Fissure
236
Magnitude
237
Mud Sport
238
Sand Attack
239
Spikes
240
Freeze Shock
241
Ice Burn
242
Blizzard
243
Ice Beam
244
Icicle Crash
245
Ice Punch
246
Aurora Beam
247
Glaciate
248
Ice Fang
249
Avalanche
250
Icy Wind
251
Frost Breath
252
Ice Shard
253
Powder Snow
254
Ice Ball
255
Icicle Spear
256
Sheer Cold
257
Hail
258
Haze
259
Mist
260
Explosion
261
Self Destruct
262
Giga Impact
263
Hyper Beam
264
Last Resort
265
Double-Edge
266
Head Charge
267
Mega Kick
268
Thrash
269
Egg Bomb
270
Judgment
271
Skull Bash
272
Hyper Voice
273
Rock Climb
274
Take Down
275
Uproar
276
Body Slam
277
Techno Blast
278
Extreme Speed
279
Hyper Fang
280
Mega Punch
281
Razor Wind
282
Slam
283
Strength
284
Tri Attack
285
Crush Claw
286
Relic Song
287
Chip Away
288
Dizzy Punch
289
Facade
290
Headbutt
291
Retaliate
292
Secret Power
293
Slash
294
Horn Attack
295
Stomp
296
Covet
297
Round
298
Smelling Salts
299
Swift
300
Vice Grip
301
Cut
302
Struggle
303
Tackle
304
Weather Ball
305
Echoed Voice
306
Fake Out
307
False Swipe
308
Pay Day
309
Pound
310
Quick Attack
311
Scratch
312
Snore
313
Double Hit
314
Feint
315
Tail Slap
316
Rage
317
Rapid Spin
318
Spike Cannon
319
Comet Punch
320
Fury Swipes
321
Barrage
322
Bind
323
Double Slap
324
Fury Attack
325
Wrap
326
Constrict
327
Bide
328
Crush Grip
329
Endeavor
330
Flail
331
Frustration
332
Guillotine
333
Hidden Power
334
Horn Drill
335
Natural Gift
336
Present
337
Return
338
SonicBoom
339
Spit Up
340
Super Fang
341
Trump Card
342
Wring Out
343
Acupressure
344
After You
345
Assist
346
Attract
347
Baton Pass
348
Belly Drum
349
Bestow
350
Block
351
Camouflage
352
Captivate
353
Charm
354
Conversion
355
Conversion 2
356
Copycat
357
Defense Curl
358
Disable
359
Double Team
360
Encore
361
Endure
362
Entrainment
363
Flash
364
Focus Energy
365
Follow Me
366
Foresight
367
Glare
368
Growl
369
Growth
370
Harden
371
Heal Bell
372
Helping Hand
373
Howl
374
Leer
375
Lock-On
376
Lovely Kiss
377
Lucky Chant
378
Me First
379
Mean Look
380
Metronome
381
Milk Drink
382
Mimic
383
Mind Reader
384
Minimize
385
Moonlight
386
Morning Sun
387
Nature Power
388
Odor Sleuth
389
Pain Split
390
Perish Song
391
Protect
392
Psych Up
393
Recover
394
Recycle
395
Reflect Type
396
Refresh
397
Roar
398
Safeguard
399
Scary Face
400
Screech
401
Sharpen
402
Shell Smash
403
Simple Beam
404
Sing
405
Sketch
406
Slack Off
407
Sleep Talk
408
Smoke Screen
409
Soft-Boiled
410
Splash
411
Stockpile
412
Substitute
413
Supersonic
414
Swagger
415
Swallow
416
Sweet Kiss
417
Sweet Scent
418
Swords Dance
419
Tail Whip
420
Teeter Dance
421
Tickle
422
Transform
423
Whirlwind
424
Wish
425
Work Up
426
Yawn
427
Gunk Shot
428
Sludge Wave
429
Sludge Bomb
430
Poison Jab
431
Cross Poison
432
Sludge
433
Venoshock
434
Clear Smog
435
Poison Fang
436
Poison Tail
437
Acid
438
Acid Spray
439
Smog
440
Poison Sting
441
Acid Armor
442
Coil
443
Gastro Acid
444
Poison Gas
445
Poison Powder
446
Toxic
447
Toxic Spikes
448
Psycho Boost
449
Dream Eater
450
Future Sight
451
Psystrike
452
Psychic
453
Extrasensory
454
Psyshock
455
Zen Headbutt
456
Luster Purge
457
Mist Ball
458
Psycho Cut
459
Synchronoise
460
Psybeam
461
Heart Stamp
462
Confusion
463
Mirror Coat
464
Psywave
465
Stored Power
466
Agility
467
Ally Switch
468
Amnesia
469
Barrier
470
Calm Mind
471
Cosmic Power
472
Gravity
473
Guard Split
474
Guard Swap
475
Heal Block
476
Heal Pulse
477
Healing Wish
478
Heart Swap
479
Hypnosis
480
Imprison
481
Kinesis
482
Light Screen
483
Lunar Dance
484
Magic Coat
485
Magic Room
486
Meditate
487
Miracle Eye
488
Power Split
489
Power Swap
490
Power Trick
491
Psycho Shift
492
Reflect
493
Rest
494
Role Play
495
Skill Swap
496
Telekinesis
497
Teleport
498
Trick
499
Trick Room
500
Wonder Room
501
Head Smash
502
Rock Wrecker
503
Stone Edge
504
Rock Slide
505
Power Gem
506
Ancient Power
507
Rock Throw
508
Rock Tomb
509
Smack Down
510
Rollout
511
Rock Blast
512
Rock Polish
513
Sandstorm
514
Stealth Rock
515
Wide Guard
516
Doom Desire
517
Iron Tail
518
Meteor Mash
519
Flash Cannon
520
Iron Head
521
Steel Wing
522
Mirror Shot
523
Magnet Bomb
524
Gear Grind
525
Metal Claw
526
Bullet Punch
527
Gyro Ball
528
Heavy Slam
529
Metal Burst
530
Autotomize
531
Iron Defense
532
Metal Sound
533
Shift Gear
534
Hydro Cannon
535
Water Spout
536
Hydro Pump
537
Muddy Water
538
Surf
539
Aqua Tail
540
Crabhammer
541
Dive
542
Scald
543
Waterfall
544
Razor Shell
545
Brine
546
Bubble Beam
547
Octazooka
548
Water Pulse
549
Water Pledge
550
Aqua Jet
551
Water Gun
552
Clamp
553
Whirlpool
554
Bubble
555
Aqua Ring
556
Rain Dance
557
Soak
558
Water Sport
559
Withdraw
560
Aromatic Mist
561
Baby-Doll Eyes
562
Belch
563
Boomburst
564
Confide
565
Crafty Shield
566
Dazzling Gleam
567
Disarming Voice
568
Draining Kiss
570
Eerie Impulse
571
Electric Terrain
572
Electrify
573
Fairy Lock
574
Fairy Wind
575
Fell Stinger
576
Flower Shield
577
Flying Press
578
Forest's Curse
579
Freeze-Dry
580
Geomancy
581
Grassy Terrain
582
Infestation
583
Ion Deluge
584
King's Shield
585
Land's Wrath
586
Magnetic Flux
587
Mat Block
588
Misty Terrain
589
Moonblast
590
Mystical Fire
591
Noble Roar
592
Nuzzle
593
Oblivion Wing
594
Parabolic Charge
595
Parting Shot
596
Petal Blizzard
597
Phantom Force
598
Play Nice
599
Play Rough
600
Powder
601
Power-Up Punch
602
Rototiller
603
Spiky Shield
604
Sticky Web
605
Topsy-Turvy
606
Trick-or-Treat
607
Venom Drench
608
Water Shuriken
610
Fairy Burst
611
Fairy Beam
612
Venam's Kiss
613
Shadow End
614
Shadow Storm
615
Shadow Blast
616
Shadow Bolt
617
Shadow Break
618
Shadow Chill
619
Shadow Fire
620
Shadow Rave
621
Shadow Rush
622
Shadow Wave
623
Shadow Blitz
624
Shadow Down
625
Shadow Half
626
Shadow Hold
627
Shadow Mist
628
Shadow Panic
629
Shadow Shed
630
Shadow Sky
631
Gale Strike
632
Multipulse
633
Spectral Scream
634
Tidal Spite
635
Barbed Web
636
Cold Truth
638
Fever Pitch
639
Thunder Pulse
640
Sand Slide
641
Hidden Power
642
Hidden Power
643
Hidden Power
644
Hidden Power
645
Hidden Power
646
Hidden Power
647
Hidden Power
648
Hidden Power
649
Hidden Power
650
Hidden Power
651
Hidden Power
652
Hidden Power
653
Hidden Power
654
Hidden Power
655
Hidden Power
656
Hidden Power
657
Hidden Power
658
Hidden Power
659
Uproot
660
Armoured Slash
661
Origin Pulse
662
Precipice Blades
663
Dragon Ascent
664
Thousand Arrows
665
Thousand Waves
666
Diamond Storm
667
Hyperspace Hole
668
Steam Eruption
669
Poison Sweep
670
Stacking Shot
671
Origin Pulse
672
Precipice Blades
673
Dragon Ascent
674
Thousand Arrows
675
Thousand Waves
676
Diamond Storm
677
Hyperspace Fury
678
Steam Eruption
679
Rift Flare
680
Rift Pulse
681
Rift Snare
682
Rift Thrash
683
Irritation
684
Magma Drift
685
Douse
686
Solar Flare
687
Mud Barrage
688
Slash and Burn
689
Decimation
690
Accelerock
691
Anchor Shot
692
Aurora Veil
693
Baneful Bunker
694
Beak Blast
695
Brutal Swing
696
Burn Up
697
Clanging Scales
698
Core Enforcer
699
Darkest Lariat
700
Dragon Hammer
701
Fire Lash
702
First Impression
703
Fleur Cannon
704
Floral Healing
705
Gear Up
706
High Horsepower
707
Ice Hammer
708
Instruct
709
Laser Focus
710
Leafage
711
Liquidation
712
Lunge
713
Moongeist Beam
714
Nature Madness
715
Pollen Puff
716
Power Trip
717
Prismatic Laser
718
Psychic Fangs
719
Psychic Terrain
720
Purify
721
Revelation Dance
722
Shadow Bone
723
Shell Trap
724
Shore Up
725
Smart Strike
726
Solar Blade
727
Sparkling Aria
728
Spectral Thief
729
Speed Swap
730
Spotlight
731
Stomp Tantrum
732
Strength Sap
733
Sunsteel Strike
734
Tearful Look
735
Throat Chop
736
Toxic Thread
737
Trop Kick
738
Zing Zap
739
Multi-Attack
740
Future Sight
741
Doom Desire
742
Psyche Terror
743
Spirit Shackle
744
Heavenly Wing
745
Photon Geyser
746
Mind Blown
747
Plasma Fists
748
Rift Cannon
749
Matrix Shot
750
Arenite Wall
751
Desert's Mark
752
Big Ember
753
Double Iron Bash
754
Hex
755
Heavy Bash
756
Permafrost
757
Numbing Mists
758
Dragon Club
759
Mercy Jab
760
Soul Siphon
761
Tough Love
762
Jet Spike
763
Polterswap
764
Dragon Jaunt
765
Retribution
851
Apple Acid
852
Aura Wheel
853
Behemoth Bash
854
Behemoth Blade
855
Body Press
856
Bolt Beak
857
Branch Poke
858
Breaking Swipe
859
Clangorous Soul
860
Court Change
861
Decorate
862
Dragon Darts
863
Drum Beating
864
Dynamax Cannon
865
Eternabeam
866
False Surrender
867
Fishious Rend
868
Grav Apple
869
Jaw Lock
870
Life Dew
871
Magic Powder
872
Meteor Assault
873
No Retreat
874
Obstruct
875
Octolock
876
Overdrive
877
Pyro Ball
878
Snap Trap
879
Snipe Shot
880
Spirit Break
881
Steel Beam
882
Strange Stream
883
Stuff Cheeks
884
Tar Shot
885
Jungle Healing
886
Shell Side Arm
887
Wicked Blow
888
Surging Strikes
889
Dual Wingbeat
[6]
1
Using its tough and impressive horn, the user rams into the target with no letup.
2
The user calls out its underlings to pummel the target. Critical hits land more easily.
3
The user vibrates its wings to make a sound wave. It may lower the target's Sp. Def.
4
The user slashes at the target by crossing its claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
5
The user attacks with a sinister beam of light. It may also confuse the target.
6
After making its attack, the user switches places with a party Pokemon in waiting.
7
The user crushes its targets by rolling over them with its rolled-up body. This attack may make the target flinch.
8
The user bites the target. If the target is holding a Berry, the user eats it.
9
The target is hit with powdery scales blown by wind. It may raise all the user's stats.
10
While resisting, the user attacks the opposing Pokemon. The targets' Sp. Atk is reduced.
11
The user damages the target twice by jabbing it with spikes. It may poison the target.
12
The target is slashed with claws. Its power increases if it hits in succession.
13
The user drains the target's blood. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken.
14
Sharp spikes are shot at the target in succession. They hit two to five times in a row.
15
The user calls out its underlings to shield its body, raising its Defense and Sp. Def.
16
The user calls out its underlings to heal it. The user regains up to half of its max HP.
17
The user performs a mystic dance. It boosts the user's Sp. Atk, Sp. Def, and Speed.
18
The user scatters irritating powder to draw attention. Opponents aim only at the user.
19
The user ensnares the target with thin, gooey silk so it can't flee from battle.
20
The targets are bound with silk blown from the user. This silk reduces the targets' Speed.
21
The user stares at flashing lights to focus its mind, drastically raising its Sp. Atk.
22
This move uses the target's power. The higher the target's Attack, the more damage taken.
23
The user lets loose a black shock wave. It may also lower the target's accuracy.
24
The user crunches up the target with sharp fangs. It may lower the target's Defense.
25
The user releases an aura imbued with dark thoughts. It may make the target flinch.
26
This move attacks first. It fails if the target is not attacking, however.
27
The user slashes the target through darkness. Critical hits land more easily.
28
The target is bitten with viciously sharp fangs. It may make the target flinch.
29
The user throws a sucker punch. It hits without fail.
30
The user yells as if it is ranting about something, making the target's Sp. Atk decrease.
31
If the target has already taken damage in the same turn, this attack's power is doubled.
32
If the user moves after the target, this attack's power will be doubled.
33
An attack move that inflicts double damage if used on a fleeing target.
34
The user steals the target's held item. It can't steal if the user holds an item.
35
The user slaps away the target's held item, removing it from the battle.
36
The user gets all party Pokemon to attack. The more party Pokemon, the greater the damage.
37
The user flings its held item at the target. Its power and effects depend on the item.
38
This attack's power increases the more the target has powered up with stat changes.
39
Opposing Pokemon are dragged into a world of total darkness that makes them sleep.
40
It prevents the target from using any items.
41
The user feigns crying to fluster the target, harshly lowering its Sp. Def stat.
42
Flattery is used to confuse the target. However, it also raises the target's Sp. Atk.
43
The user sharpens its claws to boost its Attack stat and accuracy.
44
The user faints using this move. It harshly lowers the target's Attack and Sp. Atk.
45
The user stimulates its brain with bad thoughts. It sharply raises the user's Sp. Atk.
46
The user suppresses the target and makes its move go last.
47
The user steals the effects of any healing or stat-changing move the opponent uses.
48
The user trades held items with the target faster than the eye can follow.
49
The target is taunted into using only attacking moves for three turns.
50
The user torments the target, making it incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
51
The user blasts with power that distorts even time. The user must rest on the next turn.
52
Comets are summoned down from the sky. The attack harshly reduces the user's Sp. Atk.
53
The user rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused, however.
54
The user tackles the target while exhibiting menace. It may make the target flinch.
55
The user tears the target along with the space around it. Critical hits land more easily.
56
The target is attacked with a shock wave generated by the user's gaping mouth.
57
The user slashes the target with huge, sharp claws.
58
The user knocks away the target and drags out another Pokemon in its party. In the wild, the battle ends.
59
The user exhales a mighty gust that inflicts damage. It may leave the target paralysed.
60
The user attacks its target by hitting it with brutal strikes. The target is hit twice.
61
The user whips up a tornado to tear at the opposing team. It may make targets flinch.
62
This attack hits with a shock wave of pure rage. This attack always inflicts 40 damage.
63
The user vigorously performs a powerful dance that boosts its Attack and Speed stats.
64
The user charges its target, surrounded with electricity. It may paralyse the target.
65
A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target. It may paralyse the target.
66
The user electrifies itself and charges. It damages the user and may paralyse the target.
67
The user fires an electric blast like a cannon to inflict damage and cause paralysis.
68
This attack does double damage when used after fusion flare or blue flare.
69
A strong electric blast is loosed at the target. It may paralyse the target.
70
The user shrouds itself in electricity and smashes into its target. It damages the user.
71
Electricity is loosed to strike the area around the user. It may also cause paralysis.
72
The target is punched with an electrified fist. It may leave the target with paralysis.
73
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokemon.
74
The user electrically tackles at the target. It may also paralyze the target.
75
The user bites with electrified fangs. It may make the target flinch or paralyze it.
76
The user strikes the target with a quick jolt of electricity. This attack always hits.
77
The user attacks opposing Pokemon with an electric net. It reduces the targets' Speed.
78
The user attacks with an electric charge which may raise its Sp. Atk stat.
79
A jolt of electricity is hurled at the target. It may also paralyze the target.
80
The faster the user is than the target, the greater the damage this move deals.
81
The user boosts Electric moves it uses next turn. It also raises the user's Sp. Def.
82
The user levitates using electrically generated magnetism for five turns.
83
A weak electric charge is launched at the target. It causes paralysis if it hits.
84
The user focuses its mind before punching. It will fail if the user is hit this turn.
85
The target is hit with a knee kick from a jump. If it misses, the user is hurt instead.
86
The user fights the target without guarding. It cuts the user's Defense and Sp. Def.
87
The user mentally focuses and unleashes its power. It may lower the target's Sp. Def.
88
The user attacks the target with great power. It lowers the user's Attack and Defense.
89
The user delivers a double chop with its forearms. Critical hits land more easily.
90
The user punches the target with full power. It confuses the target if it hits.
91
The user hits with its strong and heavy fist. It lowers the user's Speed, however.
92
The user jumps, then strikes with a kick. If the kick misses, the user hurts itself.
93
The user looses a blast of aura power at the target. This move always hits.
94
The user attacks by slicing. The target's stat changes don't affect the damage.
95
The user cuts with its long horn. The  horn does physical damage to the target.
96
The user attacks the target with an uppercut thrown skyward with force.
97
The user grabs the target and dives for the ground. It also hurts the user slightly.
98
The user attacks with a chop. It also ends the effect of Light Screen and Reflect.
99
An energy-draining punch. The user's HP is restored by half the damage dealt.
100
The user attacks last. In return, this throw move is guaranteed not to miss.
101
The user throws the target and drags out another Pokemon. In the wild, the battle ends.
102
The target is attacked with a shock wave. It may also paralyze the target.
103
The user attacks the target's legs swiftly, reducing the target's Speed stat.
104
Inflicts double the damage if the user has been hurt by the opponent in the same turn.
105
The user lashes out with a quick, spinning kick. It may also make the target flinch.
106
This attack inflicts big damage on a sleeping target. It also wakes the target up.
107
The target is attacked with a sharp chop. Critical hits land more easily.
108
The user throws a punch at blinding speed. It is certain to strike first.
109
Attacks with a rock-shattering punch. It may also lower the target's Defense stat.
110
The user strikes the target fiercely. This attack always results in a critical hit.
111
The user whirls its fists to send out a wave of pure vacuum. This move always goes first.
112
The target is quickly kicked twice in succession using both feet.
113
The user looses a flurry of open-palmed arm thrusts that hit two to five times in a row.
114
A consecutive three-kick attack that becomes more powerful with each successive hit.
115
A retaliation move that counters any physical attack, inflicting double the damage taken.
116
The user sacrifices itself but does damage equal to the its current HP.
117
A powerful kick that inflicts greater damage on heavier targets.
118
An all-out attack that becomes more powerful the less HP the user has.
119
The target is thrown using gravity. It inflicts damage equal to the user's level.
120
The user tenses its muscles, boosting both its Attack and Defense stats.
121
The user evades all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
122
The user protects its team from priority moves. If used in succession, it may fail.
123
With flames on its head, it hit target. It lowers its Defense, Sp. Def, and Speed stats.
124
The target is razed by a fiery explosion. The user must rest on the next turn.
125
The user hits the opposing team with flames. The more HP, the stronger the attack.
126
The user attacks the target at full power. It sharply reduces the user's Sp. Atk stat.
127
The user attacks by engulfing the target in intense, blue flames. It may burn the target.
128
The target is attacked with an intense blast of fire. It may burn the target.
129
The user sets fire and charges. It sustains serious damage and may burn the target.
130
The target is caught in a maelstrom of fire that rages for four to five turns.
131
The user brings down a giant flame. It is more powerful after a large thunderbolt.
132
The user blasts hot breath on the opposing team. It may burn the targets.
133
The user engulfs the target in intense fire. It burns the target.
134
The target is razed with a mystical fire of great intensity. It may burn the target.
135
An inferno torches everything around the user. It may burn the targets.
136
The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire. It may burn the target.
137
The user launches a kick that lands a critical hit more easily. It may burn the target.
138
Cloaked in flames, the user dances. It may raise the user's Sp. Atk stat.
139
An inferno torches everything around the user. It may burn the targets.
140
The target is punched with a fiery fist. It may leave the target with a burn.
141
The user attacks the target with big flames. The fire damages adjacent Pokemon also.
142
The user bites with flaming fangs. It may also burn the target or make it flinch.
143
The user sets fire and charges at the target. It may burn the target.
144
A fiery column hits the target. When used with Grass Pledge, it causes a sea of fire.
145
The user sets fire and attacks. It raises the user's Speed stat.
146
The target is attacked with small flames. It may also burn the target.
147
The target is trapped within a fierce vortex of fire that rages for four to five turns.
148
The user attacks the target with fire. The fire burns up the target's berry.
149
The user hits the target with its fiery body. The heavier the user, the stronger it is.
150
The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves.
151
The user shoots a sinister, bluish-white flame at the target to inflict a burn.
152
A two-turn attack where critical hits land more easily. It may make the target flinch.
153
The user tucks in its wings and charges. The user also takes serious damage.
154
The user wraps its opponent in a fierce circular wind. It may confuse the target.
155
A vortex of air is shot at the target to inflict damage. Critical hits land easily.
156
The user soars and strikes its target on turn two. It can be used for transportation.
157
The user bounces up high, then drops on the target. It may paralyze the target.
158
A corkscrewing attack with the sharp beak acting as a drill.
159
The user attacks with a blade of air that slices the sky. It may make the target flinch.
160
The user confounds the foe with speed, then slashes. The attack lands without fail.
161
The user attacks with sound based on words it has learned. It may confuse the target.
162
The user pecks the target. If the target is holding a Berry, the user gains its effect.
163
The target is brought to the sky and dropped the next turn. It cannot attack.
164
The target is struck with large, imposing wings spread wide to inflict damage.
165
The user nimbly hits the target. If there is no held item, it inflicts massive damage.
166
Razor-like wind is launched to slash the opposing team. Critical hits land more easily.
167
A gust of wind is whipped up and launched at the target to inflict damage.
168
The target is jabbed with a sharply pointed beak or horn.
169
A strong wind blows away obstacles. It also lowers the target's evasiveness.
170
The user covers the target with feathers that harshly lowers its Attack stat.
171
The user counters the target by mimicking the target's last move.
172
The user lands and rests its body. It restores the user's HP by up to half of its max HP.
173
The user whips up a sharp whirlwind that ups the Speed of party Pokemon for four turns.
174
The user disappears, then strikes the target on the second turn. It always hits.
175
The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. It may lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
176
The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows. Critical hits land more easily.
177
The user blasts the target with a gust of repulsive wind. It may raise every stat.
178
The user throws a punch from the shadows. The punch lands without fail.
179
This relentless attack does massive damage to targets affected by status problems.
180
The user strikes with its shadow from behind. This move always goes first.
181
The user attacks the target in a startling fashion. It may also make the target flinch.
182
The target is licked with a long tongue, causing damage. It may paralyze the target.
183
The user makes the target see a horrid mirage. Its damage matches the user's level.
184
The target is exposed to a sinister ray that triggers confusion.
185
A move that works differently for the Ghost type than for all the other types.
186
When this move is used, if the user faints, the target also faints.
187
If the user faints, the user fully depletes the PP of the opponent's move.
188
A sleeping target sees a nightmare that inflicts some damage every turn.
189
The user unleashes a grudge on the move last used by the target, cutting 4 PP from it.
190
The user slams the target with an enormous tree. The user can't move on the next turn.
191
A storm of leaves attacks the target. It harshly reduces the user's Sp. Atk stat.
192
The user hits the target with petals for multiple turns. The user then becomes confused.
193
The user violently whirls its vines or tentacles to harshly lash the target.
194
A shock wave slams the target. It may harshly lower the target's Sp. Def.
195
A two-turn attack. The user gathers light, then blasts a beam on the second turn.
196
The user slams its body into the target to attack. The user also sustains serious damage.
197
The handles a sharp leaf like a sword. Critical hits land more easily.
198
The user draws power from nature and fires it. It may lower the target's Sp. Def.
199
The user slams a barrage of hard-shelled seeds down on the target from above.
200
A nutrient-draining attack. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken.
201
Energy is drained by horns. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken.
202
The user attacks its target with sharp leaves. This attack may lower the foe's accuracy.
203
The user scatters curious leaves that chase the target. This attack will not miss.
204
The user attacks by wildly swinging its thorny arms. It may also make the target flinch.
205
Sharp-edged leaves launch at the opposing team. Critical hits land more easily.
206
A grassy column hits the target. When used with Water Pledge, its creates a vast swamp.
207
A nutrient-draining attack. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken.
208
The target is struck with slender, whiplike vines to inflict damage.
209
The user forcefully shoots seeds at the target. Two to five seeds are shot.
210
A nutrient-draining attack. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken.
211
The user snares the target with grass and trips it. Heavier targets take greater damage.
212
The user releases a soothingscent that heals all status problems of the user's party.
213
The user wraps its body in cotton, drastically raising its Defense stat.
214
The user releases cotton-like spores at the target, harshly reducing its Speed stat.
215
The user plays a pleasant melody that lulls the target into a deep sleep.
216
The user lays roots that restore HP every turn. The user cannot switch out.
217
A seed is planted on the target. It steals some HP from the target every turn.
218
The user scatters a big cloud of sleep-inducing dust around the target.
219
The user scatters bursts of spores that induce sleep.
220
The user scatters a cloud of paralyzing powder. It may cause paralysis.
221
The user restores its own HP. The amount of HP regained varies with the weather.
222
Plants a seed that causes worry. It prevents sleep by making its Ability Insomnia.
223
The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokemon around it.
224
The user makes the ground under the target erupt. It may lower the target's Sp. Def.
225
The user burrows, then attacks on the second turn. It can also be used to exit dungeons.
226
The user crashes into its target like a drill. Critical hits land more easily.
227
The user clubs the target with a bone. It may also make the target flinch.
228
The user launches a packed mud ball to attack. It may lower the target's accuracy.
229
The user stomps on the ground in an area. Hit Pokemon's Speed stat is reduced.
230
The user attacks the target with a blob of mud. It reduces the target's Speed.
231
The user throws a bone. The bone loops to hit the target twice, coming and going.
232
The user traps the target inside a harshly raging sandstorm for four to five turns.
233
The user strikes the target with a hard bone two to five times in a row.
234
The user hurls mud in the target's face to inflict damage and lower its accuracy.
235
The user opens up a fissure in the ground. The target instantly faints if it hits.
236
The user looses a ground-shaking quake around the user. Its power varies.
237
The user covers itself with mud. It weakens Electric-type moves in battle.
238
Sand is hurled in the target's face, reducing its accuracy.
239
The user lays spikes at the opponent's feet. They hurt Pokemon that switch in.
240
On the second turn, the target is hit with electrical ice. It may cause paralysis.
241
On the second turn, a freezing wind surrounds the target. It may burn the target.
242
A howling blizzard is blasted at the opposing team. It may also freeze them solid.
243
The target is struck with an icy-cold beam of energy. It may also freeze the target.
244
The user attacks by dropping icicles on the target. It may also make the target flinch.
245
The target is punched with an icy fist. It may leave the target frozen.
246
The target is hit by a colored ray. This may lower the target's Atk stat.
247
A freezing cold air strikes the foe It may lower the target's Spd stat.
248
The user bites with freezing fangs. It may flinch or freeze the target.
249
This move deals double damage if the user is hurt by the target that turn.
250
The foe is chilled by a gust of air. It lowers the target's Speed stat.
251
Cold breath is blown on the target. This attack is always critical.
252
The user hurls chunks of ice at the target. This move always goes first.
253
The user attacks with a chilling snow. It may also freeze the targets.
254
The user rolls into the target for 5 turns. It strengthens upon hitting.
255
The user launches icicles at the foe. It strikes 2 to 5 times in a row.
256
The foe is hit with a blast of zero degree cold. Causes instant fainting.
257
A hail storm lasting 5 turns damages all non-Ice type Pokemon.
258
A haze eliminates every stat change among all the Pokemon in the battle.
259
The user is cloaked with a mist that prevents stat-lowering for 5 turns.
260
The user explodes to damage those around it. The user faints afterwards.
261
The user attacks everything around it by exploding. The user faints after.
262
The user attacks the target using full power. The user must rest after.
263
The target is attacked with a powerful beam. The user must rest after.
264
This move can be used only after the user has used all its other moves.
265
A reckless, life-risking tackle. It also damages the user.
266
The user charges its head into its target. It also damages the user.
267
The target is attacked by a kick launched with muscle-packed power.
268
The user attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
269
A large egg is hurled at the target with maximum force to inflict damage.
270
The user shoots light at the target. Its type varies by plate.
271
The user tucks in its head, then rams the target on the next turn.
272
The user lets loose a horribe shout with the power to inflict damage.
273
The user attacks the target, smashing into it, May confuse the target.
274
A reckless charge into the target. It also damages the user a little.
275
The user attacks in an uproar for three turns. No one can fall asleep.
276
The user falls on the target with its full mass. It may cause paralysis.
277
The user fires a beam of light at its target. The type on the held Drive.
278
The user charges the foe at blinding speed. This attack always goes first.
279
The user bites on the foe with its sharp fangs. It may flinch the target.
280
The target is slugged by a punch thrown with muscle-packed power.
281
A two-turn attack. Wind hits the foe on the second turn. Critical hits land more often.
282
The target is slammed with a long tail, vines, etc., to inflict damage.
283
The target is slugged at maximum power. It can move heavy boulders.
284
The user strikes with a beam attack. May also burn, freeze, or paralyze.
285
The user slashes the foe with claws. It may lower the target's Defense.
286
The user sings a song, attacking the foe's heart. It may induce sleep.
287
The user strikes continually. The foe's stat changes don't affect damage.
288
The foe is hit with rhythmic punches that may also leave it confused.
289
An attack that doubles in power if the user has a major status effect.
290
The user sticks out its head and charges. It may make the foe flinch.
291
The user avenges an ally. If an ally fainted the prior turn, the damage increases.
292
A secret power is used to attack. Effects vary among environment.
293
The target is attacked with a slash. Critical hits land more easily.
294
The target is jabbed with a sharply pointed horn to inflict damage.
295
The target is stomped with a big foot. It may make the foe flinch.
296
The user approaches the target, then steals the target's held item.
297
The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join for more damage.
298
This attack does double damage on a paralyzed target. It cures the target's paralysis.
299
Star-shaped rays are shot at the opposing team. This attack never misses.
300
The target is gripped and squeezed from both sides to inflict damage.
301
The target is cut with a scythe or a claw. It can also be used to cut down thin trees.
302
An attack that is used in desperation if the user has no PP. It also hurts the user.
303
A physical attack in which the user charges and slams into the target with its body.
304
An attack move that varies in power and type depending on the weather.
305
The user hits the target with an echoing voice. If used every turn, it is more powerful.
306
This attack hits first and makes targets flinch. It only works on the user's first turn.
307
A restrained attack that leaves the target with at least 1 HP.
308
Numerous coins are hurled at the target to inflict damage. Money is earned after battle.
309
The target is physically pounded with a long tail or a foreleg, etc.
310
The user slams the target at a tremendous speed. It is sure to strike first.
311
Hard, pointed, and sharp claws rake the target to inflict damage.
312
An attack that can be used only if the user is asleep. It may also make the target flinch.
313
The user slams the target with a tail, vine, or tentacle. The target is hit twice.
314
An attack that hits a target using Protect or Detect. It lifts the effects of said moves.
315
The user strikes the target with its tail. It hits the Pokemon two to five times in a row.
316
While the move is in use, the user's rage raises the Attack stat when the user is hit.
317
A spin attack that can also eliminate such moves as Bind, Wrap, Leech Seed, and Spikes.
318
Sharp spikes are shot at the target in rapid succession. They hit two to five times.
319
The target is hit with a flurry of punches that strike two to five times in a row.
320
The target is raked with sharp claws or scythes for two to five times in quick succession.
321
Round objects are hurled at the target to strike two to five times in a row.
322
Things such as long bodies or tentacles are used to bind the foe for four to five turns.
323
The target is slapped repeatedly, back and forth, two to five times in a row.
324
The target is jabbed repeatedly with a horn or beak two to five times in a row.
325
A long body or vines are used to wrap and squeeze the target for four to five turns.
326
The target is attacked with creeping tentacles or vines. It can lower the target's Speed.
327
The user endures for two turns, then strikes back to cause double the damage taken.
328
The target is crushed. The greater the target's HP, the more powerful the attack.
329
An attack move that cuts down the target's HP to equal the user's HP.
330
The user flails about to attack. It becomes more powerful the less HP the user has.
331
A full-power attack that grows more powerful the less the user likes its Trainer.
332
A vicious attack with big pincers. The target will faint instantly if this attack hits.
333
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
334
The user stabs the target with a rotating horn. If it hits, the target faints instantly.
335
The user draws power from its held Berry. The Berry determines the type and power.
336
The user attacks by giving the target a gift with a hidden trap. It restores HP sometimes.
337
A full-power attack that grows more powerful the more the user likes its Trainer.
338
The target is hit with a destructive shock wave that always inflicts 20 HP damage.
339
The power stored by Stockpile is released. The more power stored, the greater the damage.
340
The user bites hard on the target with sharp front fangs. It cuts the target's HP to half.
341
The fewer PP this move has, the greater its attack power.
342
The user wrings the target. The more HP the target has, the greater this attack's power.
343
The user applies pressure to stress points, sharply boosting one of its stats.
344
The user helps the target and makes it use its move right after the user.
345
The user randomly uses a move among those known by other Pokemon in the party.
346
If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated.
347
The user switches places with a party Pokemon in waiting, passing along any stat changes.
348
The user maximizes its Attack stat in exchange for HP equal to half its max HP.
349
The user passes its held item to the target when the target isn't holding an item.
350
The user blocks the target's way with arms spread wide to prevent escape.
351
The user's type is changed depending on its environment.
352
If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target's Sp. Atk stat is lowered.
353
The user gazes at the target, making it less wary. The target's Attack is harshly lowered.
354
The user changes its type to become the same type as one of its moves.
355
The user changes to a resistant type of the attack the opponent used last.
356
The user mimics the move used immediately before it.
357
The user curls up to conceal weak spots and raise its Defense stat.
358
For four turns, this move prevents the target from using the move it last used.
359
By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.
360
The user compels the target to keep using only the move it last used for three turns.
361
The user endures any attack. Its chance of failing is greater if used in succession.
362
The user dances and compels the target to mimic it, making the target's Ability identical.
363
The user's flashing light cuts the target's accuracy. It can be used to illuminate caves.
364
The user takes a deep breath and focuses so that critical hits land more easily.
365
The user draws attention to itself, making all targets take aim only at the user.
366
Identifies an evasive or Ghost-type target.
367
The user intimidates the target with the pattern on its belly to cause paralysis.
368
The user growls, making the opposing team less wary. The foes' Attack stats are lowered.
369
The user's body grows all at once, raising the Atk and Sp. Atk stats.
370
The user stiffens all the muscles in its body to raise its Defense stat.
371
The user makes a soothing bell chime to heal the status problems of all party Pokemon.
372
The user assists an ally by boosting the power of its attack.
373
The user howls loudly to raise its spirit, boosting its Attack stat.
374
Leers with sharp eyes. The opposing team's Defense stats are reduced.
375
The user takes sure aim at the target. It ensures the next attack does not miss.
376
The user tries to force a kiss on the target. If it suceeds, the target falls asleep.
377
The user chants toward the sky, preventing opposing Pokemon from landing critical hits.
378
The user cuts ahead of the target to use its intended move with greater power.
379
The user pins the target with a dark, arresting look. The target becomes unable to flee.
380
The user waggles a finger and stimulates its brain into randomly using nearly any move.
381
The user restores its HP by up to half of its maximum. May be used in the field to heal.
382
The user copies the target's last move and adds it to its move-set until it is switched out.
383
The user senses the target's movements with its mind to ensure its next attack hits.
384
The user compresses its body to look smaller, which sharply raises its evasiveness.
385
The user restores its own HP. The amount of HP regained varies with the weather.
386
The user restores its own HP. The amount of HP regained varies with the weather.
387
An attack that makes use of the user's environment.
388
Enables Ghost-types  to be hit by Normal and Fighting-type moves.
389
The user adds its HP to the target's HP, then shares the combined HP with the target.
390
Any Pokemon that hears this song faints in three turns, unless it switches out of battle.
391
It lets the user evade a move. Its chance of failing rises if used in succession.
392
The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.
393
Restoring its own cells, the user restores its own HP by half of its max HP.
394
The user recycles a held item that has been used in battle so it can be used again.
395
The user reflects the target's type, making it the same type as the target.
396
The user rests to cure itself of a poisoning, burn, or paralysis.
397
The target is replaced by another Pokemon in its party. In the wild, the battle ends.
398
The user creates a protective field that prevents status problems for five turns.
399
The user frightens the target with a scary face to harshly reduce its Speed stat.
400
An earsplitting screech harshly reduces the target's Defense stat.
401
The user reduces its polygon count to make itself more jagged, raising the Attack stat.
402
The user's defensive stats are lowered but its offensive stats are sharply raised.
403
The user's mysterious psychic wave changes the target's Ability to Simple.
404
A soothing lullaby is sung in a calming voice that puts the target into a deep slumber.
405
It enables the user to permanently learn the move last used by the target.
406
The user slacks off, restoring its own HP by up to half of its maximum HP.
407
While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
408
The user releases an obscuring cloud of smoke or ink. It reduces the target's accuracy.
409
The user restores its own HP by half of its maximum. May be used in the field to heal.
410
The user just flops and splashes around to no effect at all.
411
The user stores power and raises its Defense and Sp. Def. The move can be used thrice.
412
The user makes a copy of itself using some of its HP. The copy serves as the user's decoy.
413
The user generates odd sound waves from its body. It may confuse the target.
414
The user confuses the target. It also sharply raises the target's Attack stat.
415
The power stored using Stockpile is absorbed to heal HP. Storing more heals more HP.
416
The user kisses the target with a sweet, angelic cuteness that causes confusion.
417
A sweet scent that lowers the opposing team's evasiveness. It also lures wild Pokemon.
418
A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. It sharply raises the user's Attack stat.
419
The user wags its tail cutely, lowering foes' Defense stat.
420
The user performs a wobbly dance that confuses the Pokemon around it.
421
The user tickles the target into laughing, reducing its Attack and Defense stats.
422
The user transforms into a clone of its target.
423
The foe is blown away to be replaced by another Pokemon or flee.
424
One turn after it is used, the target's HP is restored by half of its maximum HP.
425
The user is roused, and its Attack and Sp. Atk stats increase.
426
The user lets loose a yawn that lulls the target into falling asleep on the next turn.
427
The user shoots filthy garbage at the target to attack. It may poison the target.
428
It swamps the area near the user with giant sludge waves. It may also poison those hit.
429
Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. It may also poison the target.
430
The target is jabbed with a tentacle or arm covered in poison. It may poison the target.
431
A slash with poisonous blades that can leave targets poisoned. Critical hits land easier.
432
Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. It may also poison the target.
433
The user drenches the target in a poison. Its power doubles if the target is poisoned.
434
The user throws a clump of special mud. All status changes are returned to normal.
435
The user bites the target with toxic fangs. It may also leave the target badly poisoned.
436
The user attacks with its tail. It may poison the target. Critical hits land easier.
437
The opposing team is attacked with acid and may also lower the targets' Sp.Def stats.
438
The user spits fluid thats melts the target. It harshly reduces the target's Sp. Def.
439
The target is attacked with a discharge of filthy gases. It may also poison the target.
440
The user stabs the target with a poisonous stinger. This may also poison the target.
441
The user alters its cell structure to liquefy itself, sharply raising its Defense.
442
The user coils up and concentrates. This raises its Attack, Defense, and Accuracy.
443
The user hurls up its stomach acids on the target. This eliminates the target's Ability.
444
A cloud of poison gas is sprayed on opposing Pokemon. It may poison those hit.
445
The user scatters a cloud of poisonous dust on the target. It may poison the target.
446
A move that leaves the target badly poisoned. Its poison damage worsens every turn.
447
The user lays a trap of poison spikes. They poison opponents that switch into battle.
448
The user hits the target at full power. The attack harshly reduces the user's Sp. Atk stat.
449
The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target. It absorbs half the damage caused.
450
Two turns after this move is used, a hunk of psychic energy attacks the target.
451
The user creates an odd psychic wave to hit the target. This attack does physical damage.
452
The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. It may reduce the target's Sp. Def stat.
453
The user attacks with an odd, unseeable power. It may also make the target flinch.
454
The user creates an odd psychic wave to hit the target. This attack does physical damage.
455
The user focuses power to its head and hits the target. It may make the target flinch.
456
The user lets loose a damaging burst of light. It may reduce the target's Sp. Def stat.
457
A mistlike flurry of down envelops and damages the target. It may lower the target's Sp. Atk.
458
The user tears at the target with blades formed by psychic power. Critical hits land easier.
459
Using a shock wave, the user inflicts damage on Pokemon of the same type.
460
The target is attacked with a peculiar ray. It may also cause confusion.
461
The user unleashes a vicious blow after its cute act. It may make the target flinch.
462
The target is hit by a weak telekinetic force. It may also leave the target confused.
463
A retaliation move that counters any special attack, inflicting double the damage.
464
The target is attacked with an odd psychic wave. The attack varies in intensity.
465
The user attacks the target. The more the user's stats are raised, the greater the damage.
466
The user lightens its body to move faster. It sharply boosts the Speed stat.
467
The user teleports and switches its place with one of its allies.
468
The user temporarily empties its mind. It sharply raises the user's Sp. Def stat.
469
The user throws up a sturdy wall that sharply raises its Defense stat.
470
The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
471
The user absorbs a mystical power from space to raise its Defense and Sp. Def stats.
472
Gravity is intensified for five turns, making moves involving flying unusable and negating Levitation.
473
The user employs its psychic power to average its Defense and Sp. Def stats with those of its target's.
474
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Defense and Sp. Def with the target.
475
For five turns, the user prevents the opposing team from using anything that recovers HP.
476
The user emits a healing pulse which restores the target's HP by up to half of its max HP.
477
The user faints. In return, the Pokemon taking its place will have its HP restored and status cured.
478
The user employs its psychic power to switch stat changes with the target.
479
The user employs hypnotic suggestion to make the target fall into a deep sleep.
480
The user prevents the opponent from using moves known by the user.
481
The user distracts the target by bending a spoon. It lowers the target's accuracy.
482
A wondrous wall of light is put up to suppress damage from special attacks for five turns.
483
The user faints. In return, the Pokemon taking its place will have its status and HP fully restored.
484
A barrier reflects back to the target moves like Leech Seed and moves that damage status.
485
The user creates a bizarre area in which Pokemon's held items lose their effects for five turns.
486
The user meditates to awaken the power deep within its body and raise its Attack stat.
487
Enables a Dark-type target to be hit by Psychic-type attacks. Ignores evasion.
488
The user employs its psychic power to average its Attack and Sp. Atk stats with those of the target's.
489
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Attack and Sp. Atk with the target.
490
The user employs its psychic power to switch its Attack with its Defense stat.
491
Using its psychic power of suggestion, the user transfers its status problems to the target.
492
A wondrous wall of light is put up to suppress damage from physical attacks for five turns.
493
The user goes to sleep for two turns. It fully restores the user's HP and heals any status problem.
494
The user mimics the target completely, copying the target's natural Ability.
495
The user employs its psychic power to exchange Abilities with the target.
496
The user makes the target float with its psychic power. The target is easier to hit for three turns.
497
Use it to flee from any wild Pokemon. It can also warp to the last Pokemon Center visited.
498
The user catches the target off guard and swaps its held item with its own.
499
The user creates a bizarre area in which slower Pokemon get to move first for five turns.
500
For five turns, Pokemon's Def and Sp. Def stats are swapped.
501
The user attacks the target with a full-power headbutt. The user takes terrible damage.
502
The user launches a huge boulder at the target to attack. It must rest on the next turn, however.
503
The user stabs the foe with sharpened stones from below. It has a high critical-hit ratio.
504
Boulders are hurled at the opposing team. The targets may flinch.
505
The user attacks with a ray of light that sparkles as if it were made of gemstones.
506
The user attacks with a prehistoric power. It may also raise all the user's stats at once.
507
The user picks up and throws a small rock at the target to attack.
508
Boulders are hurled at the target. It also lowers the target's Speed by preventing its movement.
509
The user throws a stone or projectile at the opponent. Flying Pokemons will fall to the ground.
510
The user continually rolls into the target over five turns. It becomes stronger each time it hits.
511
The user hurls hard rocks at the target. Two to five rocks are launched in quick succession.
512
The user polishes its body to reduce drag. It can sharply raise the Speed stat.
513
A sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except the Rock, Ground, and Steel types.
514
A trap of levitating stones is layed around the opponent. It hurts pokemons on the switch.
515
The user and its allies are protected from wide-ranging attacks for one turn.
516
Two turns after this move is used, the user blasts the target with a concentrated bundle of light.
517
The target is slammed with a steel-hard tail. It may also lower the target's Defense stat.
518
The target is hit with a hard punch fired like a meteor. It may also raise the user's Attack.
519
The user gathers all its light energy and releases it at once. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
520
The foe slams the target with its steel-hard head. It may also make the target flinch.
521
The target is hit with wings of steel. It may also raise the user's Defense stat.
522
The user looses a flash of energy at the target. It might lower the target's accuracy.
523
The user launches steel bombs that stick to the target. This attack will not miss.
524
The user attacks by throwing two steel gears at its target.
525
The target is raked with steel claws. It may also raise the user's Attack stat.
526
The user strikes the target with tough punches as fast as bullets. This move always goes first.
527
The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin. The slower the user, the greater the damage.
528
The user slams into the target with its heavy body. Damage varies with the user's weight.
529
The user retaliates with much greater power against the target that last inflicted damage on it.
530
The user sheds part of its body to make itself lighter and sharply raise its Speed stat.
531
The user hardens its body's surface like iron, sharply raising its Defense stat.
532
A horrible sound like scraping metal harshly reduces the target's Sp. Def stat.
533
The user rotates its gears, raising its Attack and sharply raising its Speed.
534
The target is hit with a watery blast. The user must rest on the next turn, however.
535
The user spouts water to damage the opposing team. Damage varies with the user's HP.
536
The target is blasted by a huge volume of water launched under great pressure.
537
The user attacks by shooting muddy water at the opposing team. It may also lower the target's accuracy.
538
It swamps the area around the user with a giant wave. It can also be used for crossing water.
539
The user attacks by swinging its tail as if it were a vicious wave in a raging storm.
540
The target is hammered with a large pincer. Critical hits land more easily.
541
Dives on the first turn and attacks on the second. It can be used to dive deep in the ocean.
542
The user shoots boiling hot water at its target. It may also leave the target with a burn.
543
The user charges at the target and may make it flinch. It can also be used to climb a waterfall.
544
The user cuts its target with sharp shells. This might lower the target's Def. stat.
545
If the target's HP is down to about half, this attack will hit with double the power.
546
A spray of bubbles is launched at the target. It may also lower its Speed stat.
547
The user attacks by spraying ink in the target. It might lower the target's accuracy.
548
The user attacks the target with a pulsing blast of water. It may also confuse the target.
549
A column of water strikes the target. It can be combined with its fire equivalent.
550
The user lunges at the target at a speed that makes it almost invisible. It is sure to strike first.
551
The target is blasted with a forceful shot of water.
552
The target is clamped and squeezed by the user's very thick and sturdy shell for four to five turns.
553
Traps foes in a violent swirling whirlpool for four to five turns.
554
A spray of countless bubbles is jetted at the opposing team. It may also lower the targets' Speed stats.
555
The user envelops itself in a veil made of water. It regains some HP on every turn.
556
The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves.
557
The user shoots a torrent of water at the target and changes the target's type to Water.
558
The user soaks itself with water. The move weakens Fire-type moves while the user is in the battle.
559
The user withdraws its body into its hard shell, raising its Defense stat.
560
The user raises the Sp. Def stat of ally Pokemon with a mysterious aroma.
561
Using its baby-doll eyes, the user lowers the opponent Atk stat. It always goes first.
562
The user lets out a damaging belch on the target. The user must eat a Berry to use this move.
563
The user attacks everything around it with the power of a terrible, explosive sound.
564
The user tells the target a secret, and lowers its Sp. Atk stat.
565
The user protects itself and its allies from status moves with a mysterious power.
566
The user damages opposing Pokemon by emitting a powerful flash.
567
Letting out a charming cry, the user does emotional damage to opposing Pokemon. It never misses.
568
The user steals the target's energy with a kiss. Over half of the damage goes to the user's HP.
570
The user's body generates an eerie impulse. This harshly lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
571
The user electrifies the ground for five turns. Grounded Pokemon can't fall asleep.
572
If the target is electrified before it uses a move during that turn, the target's move becomes Electric type.
573
By locking down the battlefield, the user keeps all Pokemon from fleeing during the next turn.
574
The user stirs up a fairy wind and strikes the target with it.
575
When the user knocks out a target with this move, the user's Attack stat rises sharply.
576
The user raises the Defense stat of all Grass-type Pokemon in battle with a mysterious power.
577
The user dives down onto the target from the sky. This move is Fighting and Flying type simultaneously.
578
The user puts a forest curse on the target. Afflicted targets are now Grass type as well.
579
The user rapidly cools the target, which might leave the target frozen. Its SE on Water types.
580
The user absorbs energy and sharply raises its Sp. Atk, Sp. Def, and Speed stats on the next turn.
581
The user turns the ground to grass for five turns. Grounded pokemon restore HP every turn.
582
The target is infested for four to five turns. It can't flee during this time.
583
The user disperses electrically charged particles, which changes Normal-type moves to Electric-type moves.
584
The user takes a defensive stance. It harshly lowers the Atk. after contact moves.
585
The user gathers the energy of the land and focuses that power on opposing Pokemon to damage them."
586
The user manipulates magnetic fields. This raises the Def and Sp. Def stats of allies with Plus or Minus. 
587
Using a pulled-up mat as a shield, the user protects itself and its allies from damaging moves. 
588
The user covers the ground with mist for five turns. Grounded pokemon are protected from status conditions. 
589
The user attacks with moon power. It might lower the target's Sp. Atk. 
590
The user attacks by breathing a special, hot fire. It lowers the target's Sp. Atk. 
591
Letting out a noble roar, the user intimidates the target and lowers its Atk. and Sp. Atk. 
592
The user attacks by nuzzling its electrified cheeks. It paralyzes the target.
593
The user absorbs its target's HP. The HP is restored by over half of the damage.
594
The user attacks everything around it. HP is restored by half of the damage.
595
With a parting threat, the user lowers the target's Atk and Sp. Atk. Then it switches out.
596
The user stirs up a violent petal blizzard and attacks everything around it.
597
The user vanishes, then strikes the target on the next turn. It always hits.
598
The user and the target become friends. This lowers the target's Atk.
599
The user plays rough and attacks. This may also lower the target's Attack stat.
600
The user covers the target in a powder that explodes if it uses a Fire-type move.
601
Striking opponents makes the user's fists harder. Hitting a target raises the Atk.
602
The user changes the soil, raising the Atk and Sp. Atk of Grass-type Pokemon.
603
It protects the user from attacks, while damaging any attacker who makes direct contact.
604
The user weaves a sticky net around the opposing team, which lowers their Speed upon switching.
605
All stat changes affecting the target turn topsy-turvy and become the opposite of what they were.
606
The user adds Ghost type to the target's type.
607
Opposing Pokemon are drenched in an odd liquid. It lowers the Atk, Sp. Atk and Speed of a poisoned target.
608
The target is hit with throwing stars two to five times. It always goes first.
610
The user unleashes it's inner aura, powering up its attacking capabilities. However this leaves the user weaker in return.
611
A concentrated, pure beam is generated.
612
The user kisses the target with a toxic chemicals. It may poison the opponent
613
A shadowy aura ram attack that also rebounds on the user.
614
A shadowy aura is used to whip up a vicious tornado.
615
A wicked blade of air is formed using a shadowy aura.
616
A shadowy thunder attack that may paralyze.
617
A shattering ram attack with a shadowy aura.
618
A shadowy ice attack that may freeze.
619
A shadowy fireball attack that may inflict a burn.
620
A shadowy aura in the ground is used to launch spikes.
621
A reckless move that also hurts the user.
622
Shadowy aura waves are loosed to inflict damage.
623
A Pokemon throws this tackle while casting a shadowy aura.
624
A shadowy aura sharply cuts the foe's Defense.
625
A shadowy aura's energy cuts everyone's HP by half.
626
The opponent Pokemon cannot escape.
627
A shadowy aura sharply cuts the foe's evasiveness.
628
A shadowy aura emanates to confuse the foe.
629
A shadowy aura eliminates Reflect and similar moves.
630
Darkness hurts all but Shadow Pokemon for 5 turns.
631
The user summons power when they are against the odds.
632
The uses shoots holy energy at the target, changing type depending on plate held.
633
The users makes a spine-chilling scream, with a chance of raising defense.
634
The user creates a huge wave that crashes on the target.
635
The user spreads spiked silk across the field, applying sticky web.
636
A strong disturbing chill hits adjacent opponents with a high chance of freezing.
638
The user emits a rocking hot sound, getting stronger with more hype.
639
The user sends a strong pulse of electricity to adjacent opponents, paralyzing them.
640
The user frightens the target with a scary face to harshly reduce its Speed stat.
641
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
642
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
643
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
644
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
645
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
646
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
647
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
648
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
649
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
650
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
651
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
652
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
653
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
654
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
655
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
656
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
657
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
658
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokemon using it.
659
Flora's special move.
660
Saki's signature move
661
The user attacks opponents with countless beams of deep blue light.
662
The user attacks opponents by manifesting fearsome blades of stone.
663
The user soars up, then quickly drops down onto the opponent, lowering its defenses.
664
This move hits opposing Pokemon that are in the air, knocking them to the ground.
665
The user attacks with a wave that crawls along the ground. Those hit can't flee from battle.
666
The user whips up a storm of diamonds. This may also sharply raise the user's Defense stat.
667
Using a hyperspace hole, the user appears and strikes, hitting a target using Protect or Detect.
668
The user immerses the target in superheated steam. This may also leave the target with a burn.
669
The user engulfs their foot with poison and proceeds to knock over their opponent. It may lower speed.
670
The user attacks in quick jabs. It becomes stronger the more it's used. 
671
The user attacks opponents with countless beams of deep blue light.
672
The user attacks opponents by manifesting fearsome blades of stone.
673
The user soars up, then quickly drops down onto the opponent, lowering its defenses.
674
This move hits opposing Pokemon that are in the air, knocking them to the ground.
675
The user attacks with a wave that crawls along the ground. Those hit can't flee from battle.
676
The user whips up a storm of diamonds. This may also sharply raise the user's Defense stat.
677
Using its many arms, user unleashes a barrages of attack, hitting a target using Protect or Detect.
678
The user immerses the target in superheated steam. This may also leave the target with a burn.
679
The user immerses the target in superheated steam. This may also leave the target with a burn.
680
The user immerses the target in a blast of water. This may also leave the target with confusion.
682
The user immerses the target in a blast of water. This may also leave the target with confusion.
683
Does massive damage if the opponent is inflicted with a status.
684
It swamps the area around the user with a giant wave of molten rock. It can also be used for crossing lava.
685
The user soaks the opponent in a strong blast of water.
686
The user is engulfed in incredibly intense flames and proceeds to tackle the opponent. Solrock's special move. 
687
The user engulfs the opponent with large amounts of mud. It may lower the target's accuracy.
688
The user slashes the opponent harshly. It may leave the target with a burn.
689
The user aborbs the life energy from the target, leaving them completely lifeless.
690
The user smashes into the target at high speed. This move always goes first.
691
Entangles the target with its anchor chain while attacking. The target becomes unable to flee.
692
Reduces damage from physical and special moves for five turns. Can be used only in a hailstorm.
693
It protects the user from attacks, while poisoning any attacker who makes direct contact.
694
The user heats its beak before attacking, burning any attacker who makes direct contact.
695
The user swings its body around violently to inflict damage on everything in its vicinity.
696
To inflict massive damage, the user burns itself out, losing its Fire type.
697
The user rubs the scales on its entire body and makes a huge noise, lowering its defense.
698
If the targets have already moved, this move eliminates the effect of their Ability.
699
The user swings both arms and hits the target. The target's stat changes don't affect the damage.
700
The user uses its body like a hammer to attack the target and inflict damage.
701
The user strikes the target with a burning lash. This also lowers the target's Defense stat.
702
Although this move has great power, it only works the first turn the user is in battle.
703
The user unleashes a strong beam. The attack's recoil harshly lowers the user's Sp. Atk stat.
704
The user restores the target's HP by up to half of its max HP. It restores more HP when the terrain is grassy.
705
The user engages its gears to raise the Attack and Sp. Atk stats of ally Pokemon with the Plus or Minus Ability.
706
The user fiercely attacks the target using its entire body.
707
The user swings and hits with its strong, heavy fist. It lowers the user's Speed, however.
708
The user instructs the target to use the target's last move again.
709
The user concentrates intensely. The attack on the next turn always results in a critical hit.
710
The user attacks by pelting the target with leaves.
711
Slams into the target using a full-force blast of water. This may also lower the target's Defense.
712
The user makes a full force lunge at the target. This also lowers the target's Attack stat.
713
The user emits a sinister ray to attack the target, ignoring its ability.
714
The user hits the target with the force of nature. It halves the target's HP.
715
Uses a pollen puff that explodes when given to enemies, but heals allies.
716
The user boasts its strength and attacks, getting more powerful the more their stats are raised.
717
Shoots powerful lasers using the power of a prism. The user can't move on the next turn.
718
The user bites with its psychic capabilities. This can also destroy Light Screen and Reflect.
719
This protects Pokemon on the ground from priority moves and powers up Psychic-type moves for five turns.
720
The user heals the target's status condition, restoring their own HP if succesful.
721
The user attacks the target by dancing very hard. The user's type determines the type of this move.
722
Beats the target with a bone that contains a spirit. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
723
The user sets a shell trap, which will explode if hit by a physical move.
724
The user regains up to half of its max HP. It restores more HP in a sandstorm.
725
The user stabs the target with a sharp horn. This attack never misses.
726
A two-turn attack. The user gathers light into a blade, attacking on the next turn.
727
The user bursts into song, emitting many bubbles which can heal burns.
728
The user hides in the target's shadow, steals the target's stat boosts, and then attacks.
729
The user exchanges Speed stats with the target.
730
The user shines a spotlight on the target so that only they will be attacked this turn. 
731
Driven by frustration, the user attacks, doubling in power if their previous move failed.
732
Restores the user's HP by the same amount as the target's Attack stat and lowers it.
733
The user slams into the target with the force of a meteor, ignoring its ability.
734
The user gets teary eyed, lowering the target's Attack and Sp. Atk.
735
The user attacks the target's throat, preventing sound-based moves for two turns.
736
The user shoots poisonous threads to poison the target and lower their Speed stat.
737
The user lands an intense kick of tropical origins on the target, lowering their Attack.
738
A strong electric blast crashes down on the target. This may also make the target flinch. 
739
The user slams into the target, cloaked in energy. The memory held determines the move's type.
740
Two turns after this move is used, a hunk of psychic energy attacks the target.
741
Two turns after this move is used, the user blasts the target with a concentrated bundle of light.
742
A burst of psychic energy hits adjacent opponents. Has a chance to burn.
743
The user attacks while stitching the target's shadow to the ground, preventing escape.
744
A shining wing strikes the target, removing stat changes.
745
The user attacks a target with a pillar of light. Uses the higher of either Attack or Sp. Attack stats.
746
The user attacks everything around it by causing its own head to explode. Also damages the user.
747
The user attacks with electrically charged fists. Normal-type moves become Electric-type.
749
A rock clumped with gems is fired at the target, targetting its special defense.
750
Puts up a wall of sand that reduces the power of super-effective moves.
751
Applies a sinister mark on the target, damaging over time and changing its type to Ground.
752
The target is attacked with small flames. It may also burn the target.
753
The user rotates, centering the hex nut in its chest, and then strikes with its arms twice in a row. This may also make the target flinch.
754
This relentless attack does massive damage to targets affected by status problems.
755
The user attacks by slamming its body into the target. The higher the user's Defense, the more damage it can inflict on the target.
756
The user rapidly cools the target, making it brittle. It's super effective against the Rock and Steel type.
757
Paralyzing mists surround the target. It may also cause paralysis.
758
The user focuses power to its head and hits the target. It may make the target flinch.
759
The user drenches the target in a poison. Its power doubles if the target is poisoned.
760
A nutrient-draining attack. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken.
761
The user slaps the target. It may lower the target's Defense.
762
The user lets high-powered steam at the target. Flying Pokemons will fall to the ground.
763
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokemon.
764
The user lunges at the target at a speed that makes it almost invisible. It is sure to strike first.
765
The user channels divine energy. The attack harshly reduces the user's Attack.
851
The user attacks the target with an acidic liquid created from tart apples. This also lowers the target's Sp. Def stat.
852
Morpeko attacks and raises its Speed with the energy stored in its cheeks. This move's type changes depending on the user's form.
853
The user becomes a gigantic shield and slams into the target.
854
The user becomes a gigantic sword and cuts the target.
855
The user attacks by slamming its body into the target. The higher the user's Defense, the more damage it can inflict on the target.
856
The user stabs the target with its electrified beak. If the user attacks before the target, the power of this move is doubled.
857
The user attacks the target by poking it with a sharply pointed branch.
858
The user swings its tough tail wildly and attacks opposing Pokemon. This also lowers their Attack stats.
859
The user raises all its stats by using some of its HP.
860
With its mysterious power, the user swaps the effects on either side of the field.
861
The user sharply raises the target's Attack and Sp. Atk stats by decorating the target.
862
The user attacks twice using Dreepy. If there are two targets, this move hits each target once.
863
The user plays its drum, controlling the drum's roots to attack the target. This also lowers the target's Speed stat.
864
The user unleashes a strong beam from its core.
865
This is Eternatus's most powerful attack in its original form. The user can't move on the next turn.
866
 The user pretends to bow its head, but then it stabs the target with its disheveled hair. This attack never misses.
867
The user rends the target with its hard gills. If the user attacks before the target, the power of this move is doubled.
868
The user inflicts damage by dropping an apple from high above. This also lowers the target's Defense stat.
869
This move prevents the user and the target from switching out until either of them faints. The effect goes away if either of the Pokemon leaves the field.
870
The user scatters mysterious water around and restores the HP of itself and its ally Pokemon in the battle.
871
The user scatters a cloud of magic powder that changes the target to Psychic type.
872
The user attacks wildly with its thick leek. The user can't move on the next turn, because the force of this move makes it stagger.
873
This move raises all the user's stats but prevents the user from switching out or fleeing.
874
This move enables the user to protect itself from all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession. Direct contact harshly lowers the attacker's Defense stat.
875
The user locks the target in and prevents it from fleeing. This move also lowers the target's Defense and Sp. Def every turn.
876
The user attacks opposing Pokemon by twanging a guitar or bass guitar, causing a huge echo and strong vibration.
877
The user attacks by igniting a small stone and launching it as a fiery ball at the target. This may also leave the target with a burn.
878
The user snares the target in a snap trap for four to five turns.
879
The user ignores the effects of opposing Pokemon's moves and Abilities that draw in moves, allowing this move to hit the chosen target.
880
The user attacks the target with so much force that it could break the target's spirit. This also lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
881
The user fires a beam of steel that it collected from its entire body. This also damages the user.
882
The user attacks the target by emitting steam. This may also confuse the target.
883
The user eats its held Berry, then sharply raises its Defense stat.
884
The user pours sticky tar over the target, lowering the target's Speed stat. The target becomes weaker to Fire-type moves.
885
The user becomes one with the jungle, restoring HP and healing any status conditions of itself and its ally Pokmon in battle.
886
This move inflicts physical or special damage, whichever will be more effective. This may also poison the target.
887
The user, having mastered the Dark style, strikes the target with a fierce blow. This attack always results in a critical hit.
888
The user, having mastered the Water style, strikes the target with a flowing motion three times in a row. This attack always results in a critical hit.
889
The user slams the target with its wings. The target is hit twice in a row.
[7]
1
Repel
2
Super Repel
3
Max Repel
4
Black Flute
5
White Flute
6
Honey
7
Escape Rope
8
Red Shard
9
Yellow Shard
10
Blue Shard
11
Green Shard
12
Fire Stone
13
Thunderstone
14
Water Stone
15
Leaf Stone
16
Moon Stone
17
Sun Stone
18
Dusk Stone
19
Dawn Stone
20
Shiny Stone
21
Red Apricorn
22
Ylw Apricorn
23
Blu Apricorn
24
Grn Apricorn
25
Pnk Apricorn
26
Wht Apricorn
27
Blk Apricorn
28
Helix Fossil
29
Dome Fossil
30
Old Amber
31
Root Fossil
32
Claw Fossil
33
Skull Fossil
34
Armor Fossil
35
Cover Fossil
36
Plume Fossil
37
Pretty Wing
38
TinyMushroom
39
Big Mushroom
40
BalmMushroom
41
Pearl
42
Big Pearl
43
Pearl String
44
Stardust
45
Star Piece
46
Comet Shard
47
Nugget
48
Big Nugget
49
Heart Scale
50
Slowpoketail
51
Rare Bone
52
Relic Copper
53
Relic Silver
54
Relic Gold
55
Relic Vase
56
Relic Band
57
Relic Statue
58
Relic Crown
59
Growth Mulch
60
Damp Mulch
61
Stable Mulch
62
Gooey Mulch
63
Shoal Salt
64
Shoal Shell
65
Odd Keystone
66
Air Balloon
67
BrightPowder
68
Eviolite
69
Float Stone
70
Destiny Knot
71
Rocky Helmet
72
Eject Button
73
Red Card
74
Shed Shell
75
Smoke Ball
76
Lucky Egg
77
Exp. Share
78
Amulet Coin
79
Soothe Bell
80
Cleanse Tag
81
Choice Band
82
Choice Specs
83
Choice Scarf
84
Heat Rock
85
Damp Rock
86
Smooth Rock
87
Icy Rock
88
Light Clay
89
Grip Claw
90
Binding Band
91
Big Root
92
Black Sludge
93
Leftovers
94
Shell Bell
95
Mental Herb
96
White Herb
97
Power Herb
98
Absorb Bulb
99
Cell Battery
100
Life Orb
101
Expert Belt
102
Metronome
103
Muscle Band
104
Wise Glasses
105
Razor Claw
106
Scope Lens
107
Wide Lens
108
Zoom Lens
109
King's Rock
110
Razor Fang
111
Lagging Tail
112
Quick Claw
113
Focus Band
114
Focus Sash
115
Flame Orb
116
Toxic Orb
117
Sticky Barb
118
Iron Ball
119
Ring Target
120
Macho Brace
121
Power Weight
122
Power Bracer
123
Power Belt
124
Power Lens
125
Power Band
126
Power Anklet
127
Lax Incense
128
Full Incense
129
Luck Incense
130
Pure Incense
131
Sea Incense
132
Wave Incense
133
Rose Incense
134
Odd Incense
135
Rock Incense
136
Charcoal
137
Mystic Water
138
Magnet
139
Miracle Seed
140
NeverMeltIce
141
Black Belt
142
Poison Barb
143
Soft Sand
144
Sharp Beak
145
TwistedSpoon
146
SilverPowder
147
Hard Stone
148
Spell Tag
149
Dragon Fang
150
BlackGlasses
151
Metal Coat
152
Silk Scarf
153
Flame Plate
154
Splash Plate
155
Zap Plate
156
Meadow Plate
157
Icicle Plate
158
Fist Plate
159
Toxic Plate
160
Earth Plate
161
Sky Plate
162
Mind Plate
163
Insect Plate
164
Stone Plate
165
Spooky Plate
166
Draco Plate
167
Dread Plate
168
Iron Plate
169
Fire Gem
170
Water Gem
171
Electric Gem
172
Grass Gem
173
Ice Gem
174
Fighting Gem
175
Poison Gem
176
Ground Gem
177
Flying Gem
178
Psychic Gem
179
Bug Gem
180
Rock Gem
181
Ghost Gem
182
Dragon Gem
183
Dark Gem
184
Steel Gem
185
Normal Gem
186
Light Ball
187
Lucky Punch
188
Metal Powder
189
Quick Powder
190
Thick Club
191
Stick
192
Soul Dew
193
DeepSeaTooth
194
DeepSeaScale
195
Adamant Orb
196
Lustrous Orb
197
Griseous Orb
198
Douse Drive
199
Shock Drive
200
Burn Drive
201
Chill Drive
202
Everstone
203
Dragon Scale
204
Up-Grade
205
Dubious Disc
206
Protector
207
Electirizer
208
Magmarizer
209
Reaper Cloth
210
Prism Scale
211
Oval Stone
212
Old Scarf
213
Blue Scarf
214
Pink Scarf
215
Green Scarf
216
Yellow Scarf
217
Potion
218
Super Potion
219
Hyper Potion
220
Max Potion
221
Full Restore
222
Sacred Ash
223
Awakening
224
Antidote
225
Burn Heal
226
Parlyz Heal
227
Ice Heal
228
Full Heal
229
Lava Cookie
230
Old Gateau
231
Casteliacone
232
Revive
233
Max Revive
234
Berry Juice
235
RageCandyBar
236
Sweet Heart
237
Fresh Water
238
Soda Pop
239
Lemonade
240
Moomoo Milk
241
EnergyPowder
242
Energy Root
243
Heal Powder
244
Revival Herb
245
Ether
246
Max Ether
247
Elixir
248
Max Elixir
249
PP Up
250
PP Max
251
HP Up
252
Protein
253
Iron
254
Calcium
255
Zinc
256
Carbos
257
Health Wing
258
Muscle Wing
259
Resist Wing
260
Genius Wing
261
Clever Wing
262
Swift Wing
263
Rare Candy
264
Master Ball
265
Ultra Ball
266
Great Ball
267
Pok Ball
268
Safari Ball
269
Sport Ball
270
Net Ball
271
Dive Ball
272
Nest Ball
273
Repeat Ball
274
Timer Ball
275
Luxury Ball
276
Premier Ball
277
Dusk Ball
278
Heal Ball
279
Quick Ball
280
Cherish Ball
281
Fast Ball
282
Level Ball
283
Lure Ball
284
Heavy Ball
285
Love Ball
286
Friend Ball
287
Moon Ball
288
TM01
289
TM02
290
TM03
291
TM04
292
TM05
293
TM06
294
TM07
295
TM08
296
TM09
297
TM10
298
TM11
299
TM12
300
TM13
301
TM14
302
TM15
303
TM16
304
TM17
305
TM18
306
TM19
307
TM20
308
TM21
309
TM22
310
TM23
311
TM24
312
TM25
313
TM26
314
TM27
315
TM28
316
TM29
317
TM30
318
TM31
319
TM32
320
TM33
321
TM34
322
TM35
323
TM36
324
TM37
325
TM38
326
TM39
327
TM40
328
TM41
329
TM42
330
TM43
331
TM44
332
TM45
333
TM46
334
TM47
335
TM48
336
TM49
337
TM50
338
TM51
339
TM52
340
TM53
341
TM54
342
TM55
343
TM56
344
TM57
345
TM58
346
TM59
347
TM60
348
TM61
349
TM62
350
TM63
351
TM64
352
TM65
353
TM66
354
TM67
355
TM68
356
TM69
357
TM70
358
TM71
359
TM72
360
TM73
361
TM74
362
TM75
363
TM76
364
TM77
365
TM78
366
TM79
367
TM80
368
TM81
369
TM82
370
TM83
371
TM84
372
TM85
373
TM86
374
TM87
375
TM88
376
TM89
377
TM90
378
TM91
379
TM92
380
TM93
381
TM94
382
TM95
383
HM01
384
HM02
385
HM03
386
HM04
387
HM05
388
HM06
389
Cheri Berry
390
Chesto Berry
391
Pecha Berry
392
Rawst Berry
393
Aspear Berry
394
Leppa Berry
395
Oran Berry
396
Persim Berry
397
Lum Berry
398
Sitrus Berry
399
Figy Berry
400
Wiki Berry
401
Mago Berry
402
Aguav Berry
403
Iapapa Berry
404
Razz Berry
405
Bluk Berry
406
Nanab Berry
407
Wepear Berry
408
Pinap Berry
409
Pomeg Berry
410
Kelpsy Berry
411
Qualot Berry
412
Hondew Berry
413
Grepa Berry
414
Tamato Berry
415
Cornn Berry
416
Magost Berry
417
Rabuta Berry
418
Nomel Berry
419
Spelon Berry
420
Pamtre Berry
421
Watmel Berry
422
Durin Berry
423
Belue Berry
424
Occa Berry
425
Passho Berry
426
Wacan Berry
427
Rindo Berry
428
Yache Berry
429
Chople Berry
430
Kebia Berry
431
Shuca Berry
432
Coba Berry
433
Payapa Berry
434
Tanga Berry
435
Charti Berry
436
Kasib Berry
437
Haban Berry
438
Colbur Berry
439
Babiri Berry
440
Chilan Berry
441
Liechi Berry
442
Ganlon Berry
443
Salac Berry
444
Petaya Berry
445
Apicot Berry
446
Lansat Berry
447
Starf Berry
448
Enigma Berry
449
Micle Berry
450
Custap Berry
451
Jaboca Berry
452
Rowap Berry
453
Grass Mail
454
Flame Mail
455
Bubble Mail
456
Bloom Mail
457
Tunnel Mail
458
Steel Mail
459
Heart Mail
460
Snow Mail
461
Space Mail
462
Air Mail
463
Mosaic Mail
464
Brick Mail
465
X Attack
466
X Attack 2
467
X Attack 3
468
X Attack 6
469
X Defend
470
X Defend 2
471
X Defend 3
472
X Defend 6
473
X Special
474
X Special 2
475
X Special 3
476
X Special 6
477
X Sp. Def
478
X Sp. Def 2
479
X Sp. Def 3
480
X Sp. Def 6
481
X Speed
482
X Speed 2
483
X Speed 3
484
X Speed 6
485
X Accuracy
486
X Accuracy 2
487
X Accuracy 3
488
X Accuracy 6
489
Dire Hit
490
Dire Hit 2
491
Dire Hit 3
492
Guard Spec.
493
Reset Urge
494
Ability Urge
495
Item Urge
496
Item Drop
497
Blue Flute
498
Yellow Flute
499
Red Flute
500
Pok Doll
501
Fluffy Tail
502
Pok Toy
503
Bicycle
504
Old Rod
505
Good Rod
506
Super Rod
507
Itemfinder
508
Dowsing MCHN
509
Pok Radar
510
Town Map
511
Pok Flute
512
Coin Case
513
Soot Sack
514
Silph Scope
515
Devon Scope
516
Squirtbottle
517
Sprayduck
518
Wailmer Pail
519
Gracidea
520
Aurora Ticket
521
Old Sea Map
522
DNA Splicers
523
Reveal Glass
524
Oval Charm
525
Shiny Charm
526
Reverse Candy
527
Mystery Good
528
TM 90
529
TM96
530
Love Letter
531
Rift Matter
532
Mystery Bowl
533
Soul Stone
534
Weird Letter
535
Link Heart
536
GourmetTreat
537
Abomasite
538
Absolite
539
Aerodactylite
540
Aggronite
541
Alakazite
542
Ampharosite
543
Assault Vest
544
Banettite
545
Blastoisinite
546
Blazikenite
547
Charizardite X
548
Charizardite Y
549
Garchompite
550
Gardevoirite
551
Gengarite
552
Gyaradosite
553
Heracronite
554
Houndoominite
555
Intriguing Stone
556
Jaw Fossil
557
Kangaskhanite
558
Kee Berry
559
Lucarionite
560
Luminous Moss
561
Lumiose Galette
562
Manectite
563
Maranga Berry
564
Mawilite
565
Medichamite
566
Mega-Z Ring
567
Mewtwonite X
568
Mewtwonite Y
569
Pinsirite
570
Pixie Plate
571
Roseli Berry
572
Sachet
573
Safety Goggles
574
Sail Fossil
575
Scizorite
576
Snowball
577
Tyranitarite
578
Venusaurite
579
Weakness Policy
580
Whipped Dream
581
Ability Capsule
582
TM96
583
TM97
584
TM98
585
TM99
586
TM100
587
Spice Powder
588
Ancient Wing
589
Room ID Card
590
Emotion Powder
591
Dull Key
592
Secret Potion
593
Exclusive Pass
601
Joy Scent
602
Excite Scent
603
Vivid Scent
604
Time Flute
605
White Key
606
Green Key
607
Mining Kit
608
Ladder
609
Odd Key
610
Brass Key
611
Black Shard
612
TM101
613
Chestnut
614
Crystal Shard
615
Visitor's Pass
616
Metagrossite
617
Defibrillator
618
Yacht Keys
619
Moon Dial
620
Phase Dial
621
Center Keys
622
Funnel Cake
623
TM102
624
TM103
625
Green Key
626
Yellow Key
627
Blue Key
628
Red Key
629
Blue Moon Ice Cream
630
Ancient Book
631
Mystery Item
632
Vanilla Ice Cream
633
Choc Ice Cream
634
Berry Ice Cream
635
Bike Voucher
636
Broken Antenna
637
Refurbished Laser
638
Magma Stone
639
TM110
640
TM104
641
Storage Key1
642
Troupe Flute
643
HQ Railnet Key
644
Card Key Shard
645
Card Key Shard
646
Card Key Shard
647
TM105
648
TM106
649
Apartment Key
650
Toilet Paper
651
Weird Diary
652
Attack Card
653
SPAttack Card
654
Defense Card
655
Data Drive
656
TM107
657
Strawberry Cake
658
Rose Tea
659
Herbal Tea
660
Razz Berry Tart
661
Sceptilite
662
Lighthouse Key
663
SPDefense Card
664
Gate Key
665
Steam Ball
666
Mineral Ball
667
Gather Cube
668
Anju's Pendant
669
Snag Machine
670
Snag Machine
671
Apophyll Pancakes
672
Nightmare Medallion
673
Lab Key
674
Star Shard
675
Star Shard
676
Star Shard
677
Star Shard
678
Secret Invitation
679
Family Portrait
680
Ultra Potion
690
Adrenaline Orb
691
Big Malasada
692
Ice Stone
693
Protective Pads
694
Fire Memory
695
Water Memory
696
Electric Memory
697
Grass Memory
698
ICE Memory
699
Fighting Memory
700
Poison Memory
701
Ground Memory
702
Flying Memory
703
Psychic Memory
704
Bug Memory
705
Rock Memory
706
Ghost Memory
707
Dragon Memory
708
Dark Memory
709
Steel Memory
710
Fairy Memory
712
Beast Ball
713
Red Nectar
714
Yellow Nectar
715
Pink Nectar
716
Purple Nectar
717
TM111
718
Buginium-Z
719
Buginium-Z
720
Darkinium-Z
721
Darkinium-Z
722
Dragonium-Z
723
Dragonium-Z
724
Electrium-Z
725
Electrium-Z
726
Fairium-Z
727
Fairium-Z
728
Fightinium-Z
729
Fightinium-Z
730
Firium-Z
731
Firium-Z
732
Flyinium-Z
733
Flyinium-Z
734
Ghostium-Z
735
Ghostium-Z
736
Grassium-Z
737
Grassium-Z
738
Groundium-Z
739
Groundium-Z
740
Icium-Z
741
Icium-Z
742
Normalium-Z
743
Normalium-Z
744
Poisonium-Z
745
Poisonium-Z
746
Psychium-Z
747
Psychium-Z
748
Rockium-Z
749
Rockium-Z
750
Steelium-Z
751
Steelium-Z
752
Waterium-Z
753
Waterium-Z
754
Aloraichium-Z
755
Aloraichium-Z
756
Decidium-Z
757
Decidium-Z
758
Incinium-Z
759
Incinium-Z
760
Primarium-Z
761
Primarium-Z
762
Eevium-Z
763
Eevium-Z
764
Pikanium-Z
765
Pikanium-Z
766
Snorlium-Z
767
Snorlium-Z
768
Mewnium-Z
769
Mewnium-Z
770
Tapunium-Z
771
Tapunium-Z
772
Marshadium-Z
773
Marshadium-Z
774
Elemental Seed
775
Magical Seed
776
Telluric Seed
777
Synthetic Seed
778
Time Gear Amulet
779
Garufa Spellbook
780
Souta's Cane
781
Pidgeotite
782
Slowbronite
783
TM112
784
TM113
785
TM114
786
Mysterious Emblem
787
Research Notes
788
SPU Parcel
789
Darchlight Mirror
790
Dark Material
791
Cursed Candle
792
Audition Tape
793
Achievement Card
794
Golden Gauntlet
795
Golden Axe
796
Golden Hammer
797
Golden Surfboard
798
Golden Scuba Gear
799
Golden Wings
800
Golden Jetpack
801
Golden Drift Board
802
Golden Claws
803
Exp. All (On)
804
Exp. All (Off)
805
Beedrillite
806
Steelixite
807
Swampertite
808
Sablenite
809
Sharpedonite
810
Cameruptite
811
Altarianite
812
Glalitite
813
Salamencite
814
Latiasite
815
Latiosite
816
Lopunnite
817
Galladite
818
Audinite
819
Diancite
820
Black Shard
821
Scented Lure
823
Magcargo Crest
825
Fearow Crest
826
Stantler Crest
827
Hypno Crest
828
Glaceon Crest
829
Leafeon Crest
830
Relicanth Crest
831
Oricorio Crest
832
Silvally Crest
833
Seviper Crest
834
Cofagrigus Crest
835
Dusknoir Crest
836
Badge Card
837
Pulse+
838
Aquamarine Ore
839
Tecanlite Key
840
N-Solarizer
841
N-Lunarizer
842
Kommonium-Z
843
Kommonium-Z
844
Lycanium-Z
845
Lycanium-Z
846
Mimikium-Z
847
Mimikium-Z
848
Solganium-Z
849
Solganium-Z
850
Lunalium-Z
851
Lunalium-Z
852
Ultranecrozium-Z
853
Ultranecrozium-Z
854
Blast Powder
855
Amplifield Rock
856
Rift Seed
857
Mysterious Black Box
858
House Key
859
Reforged Key
860
Lake Postcard
861
Skuntank Crest
862
Transmitter
863
Zone Zero Key
864
Darmanitan Crest
865
Cherrim Crest
866
Claydol Crest
867
Dedenne Crest
868
Zangoose Crest
869
Bastiodon Crest
870
Meganium Crest
871
Typhlosion Crest
872
Feraligatr Crest
873
Rampardos Crest
874
Ledian Crest
875
Ariados Crest
876
Spiritomb Crest
877
Whiscash Crest
878
Enigmatic Key
879
Beheeyem Crest
880
Torterra Crest
881
Infernape Crest
882
Empoleon Crest
883
Magic Wand
884
Dark Matter Core
885
RM01
886
RM02
887
RM03
888
RM04
889
RM05
890
RM06
891
RM07
892
RM08
893
Cryogonal Crest
894
Castform Crest
895
RM09
896
Tart Apple
897
Sweet Apple
898
Chipped Pot
899
Cracked Pot
900
Rusted Sword
901
Rusted Shield
902
Fossilized Bird
903
Fossilized Dino
904
Fossilized Drake
905
Fossilized Fish
906
Throat Spray
907
Eject Pack
908
Heavy-Duty Boots
909
Blunder Policy
910
Room Service
911
Utility Umbrella
912
Exp. Candy XS
913
Exp. Candy S
914
Exp. Candy M
915
Exp. Candy L
916
Exp. Candy XL
917
Adamant Mint
918
Lonely Mint
919
Naughty Mint
920
Brave Mint
921
Bold Mint
922
Impish Mint
923
Lax Mint
924
Relaxed Mint
925
Modest Mint
926
Mild Mint
927
Rash Mint
928
Quiet Mint
929
Calm Mint
930
Gentle Mint
931
Careful Mint
932
Sassy Mint
933
Timid Mint
934
Hasty Mint
935
Jolly Mint
936
Naive Mint
937
Serious Mint
938
Rift Fragment
939
Catching Charm
940
Dungeon Key
941
Dream Ball
942
Pecha Berry?
943
Rotom Phone
944
Concert Tickets
945
Amber's Letter
946
TM115
947
TM116
948
TM117
949
TM118
950
TM119
951
TM120
952
TM121
953
TM122
954
TM123
955
TM124
956
TM125
957
TM126
958
TM127
959
TM128
960
TM129
961
TM130
962
TM131
963
TM132
964
TM133
965
TM134
966
TM135
967
TM136
968
TM137
969
TM138
970
TM139
971
TM140
972
TM141
973
TM142
974
TM143
975
TM144
976
TM145
977
TM146
978
TM147
979
TM148
980
TM149
981
TM150
982
TM151
983
TM152
984
TM153
985
TM154
986
TM155
987
TM156
988
TM157
989
Charizardite G
990
Butterfreenite
991
Pikachutite
992
Meowthite
993
Machampite
994
Gengarite G
995
Kinglerite
996
Laprasite
997
Eeveetite
998
Snorlaxite
999
Garbodornite
1000
Melmetalite
1001
Corviknite
1002
Orbeetlenite
1003
Drednawtite
1004
Coalossalite
1005
Flappletite
1006
Appletunite
1007
Sandacondite
1008
Toxtricitite
1009
Centiskorchite
1010
Hatterenite
1011
Grimmsnarlite
1012
Alcremite
1013
Copperajite
1014
Duraludonite
1015
Venusaurite G
1016
Blastoisinite G
1017
Rillaboomite
1018
Cinderacite
1019
Inteleonite
1020
Phantom Candy S
1021
Phantom Candy M
1022
Mysterious Black Box
1023
HP Card
1024
Speed Card
1025
Thievul Crest
1026
Probopass Crest
1027
Druddigon Crest
1028
Cincinno Crest
1029
Noctowl Crest
1030
Luxray Crest
1031
Boltund Crest
1032
Vespiquen Crest
1033
Phione Crest
1034
Delcatty Crest
1035
Swalot Crest
1036
Tangrowth Crest
1037
Mismagius Crest
1038
Snorlax Crest
1039
Master Key
1040
Fairy Gem
1041
Sky Relic
1042
Xen Waste
1043
Nightmare Fuel
1044
Iviolite
1045
Full Plate
1046
Skarmorite
1047
Ursaringite
1048
Vikavoltite
1049
Zebstrikite
1050
TM115
1051
TM116
[8]
1
An item that prevents weak wild Pokmon from appearing for 100 steps after its use.
2
An item that prevents weak wild Pokmon from appearing for 200 steps after its use.
3
An item that prevents weak wild Pokmon from appearing for 250 steps after its use.
4
A black flute made from blown glass. Its melody makes wild Pokmon less likely to appear.
5
A white flute made from blown glass. Its melody makes wild Pokmon more likely to appear.
6
A sweet honey with an aroma that attracts wild Pokmon when used in grass, caves or on special trees.
7
A long, durable rope. Use it to escape instantly from a cave or a dungeon.
8
A small red shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
9
A small yellow shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
10
A small blue shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
11
A small green shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
12
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It is colored orange.
13
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It has a thunderbolt pattern.
14
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It is a clear, light blue.
15
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It has a leaf pattern.
16
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
17
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It is as red as the sun.
18
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It is as dark as dark can be.
19
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It sparkles like eyes.
20
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It shines with a dazzling light.
21
A red Apricorn. It assails your nostrils.
22
A yellow Apricorn. It has an invigorating scent.
23
A blue Apricorn. It smells a bit like grass.
24
A green Apricorn. It has a mysterious, aromatic scent.
25
A pink Apricorn. It has a nice, sweet scent.
26
A white Apricorn. It doesn't smell like anything.
27
A black Apricorn. It has an indescribable scent.
28
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a seashell.
29
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a shell.
30
A piece of amber that contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokmon. It is clear with a reddish tint.
31
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a plant root.
32
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a claw.
33
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokmon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a head.
34
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokmon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a collar.
35
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea in ancient times. It appears to be part of its back.
36
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that flew in the sky in ancient times. It appears to be part of its wing.
37
Though this feather is beautiful, it's just a regular feather and has no effect on Pokmon.
38
A small and rare mushroom. It is sought after by collectors.
39
A large and rare mushroom. It is sought after by collectors.
40
A rare mushroom which gives off a nice fragrance. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
41
A somewhat-small pearl that sparkles in a pretty silver color. It can be sold cheaply to shops.
42
A quite-large pearl that sparkles in a pretty silver color. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
43
Very large pearls that sparkle in a pretty silver color. A maniac will buy them for a high price.
44
Lovely, red-colored sand with a loose, silky feel. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
45
A shard of a pretty gem that sparkles in a red color. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
46
A shard which fell to the ground when a comet approached. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
47
A nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
48
A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
49
A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare. It glows faintly in the colors of the rainbow.
50
A very tasty tail of something. It sells for a high price.
51
A bone that is extremely valuable for Pokmon archaeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
52
A copper coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
53
A silver coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
54
A gold coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
55
A vase made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
56
A bracelet made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
57
A stone figure made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
58
A crown made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
59
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
60
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
61
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
62
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
63
Pure salt that can be discovered deep inside the Shoal Cave. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
64
A pretty seashell that can be found deep inside the Shoal Cave. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
65
A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
66
When held by a Pokmon, the Pokmon will float into the air. When the holder is attacked, this item will burst.
67
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It casts a tricky glare that lowers the opponent's accuracy.
68
A mysterious evolutionary lump. When held, it raises the Defense and Sp. Def of a Pokmon that can still evolve.
69
A very light stone. It reduces the weight of a Pokmon when held.
70
A long, thin, bright-red string to be held by a Pokmon. If the holder becomes infatuated, the foe does too.
71
If the holder of this item takes damage, the attacker will also be damaged upon contact.
72
If the holder is hit by an attack, it will switch with another Pokmon in your party.
73
A card with a mysterious power. When the holder is struck by a foe, the attacker is removed from battle.
74
A tough, discarded carapace to be held by a Pokmon. It enables the holder to switch with a waiting Pokmon in battle.
75
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It enables the holder to flee from any wild Pokmon without fail.
76
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is an egg filled with happiness that earns extra Exp. Points in battle.
77
An item to be held by a Pokmon. The holder gets a share of a battle's Exp. Points without battling.
78
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It doubles a battle's prize money if the holding Pokmon joins in.
79
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a bell with a comforting chime that calms the holder and makes it friendly.
80
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It helps keep wild Pokmon away if the holder is the first one in the party.
81
An item to be held by a Pokmon. This headband ups Attack, but allows the use of only one of its moves.
82
An item to be held by a Pokmon. These distinctive glasses boost Sp. Atk, but allow the use of only one of its moves.
83
An item to be held by a Pokmon. This scarf boosts Speed, but allows the use of only one of its moves.
84
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of the move Sunny Day used by the holder.
85
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of the move Rain Dance used by the holder.
86
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of the move Sandstorm used by the holder.
87
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of the move Hail used by the holder.
88
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of barrier moves like Light Screen and Reflect used by the holder.
89
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of multiturn attacks like Bind and Wrap.
90
A band that increases the power of binding moves when held.
91
A Pokmon held item that boosts the power of HP-stealing moves to let the holder recover more HP.
92
A held item that gradually restores the HP of Poison-type Pokmon. It inflicts damage on all other types.
93
An item to be held by a Pokmon. The holder's HP is gradually restored during battle.
94
An item to be held by a Pokmon. The holder's HP is restored a little every time it inflicts damage.
95
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It snaps the holder out of infatuation. It can be used only once.
96
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It restores any lowered stat in battle. It can be used only once.
97
A single-use item to be held by a Pokmon. It allows the immediate use of a move that charges on the first turn.
98
A consumable bulb. If the holder is hit by a Water-type move, its Sp. Atk will rise.
99
A consumable battery. If the holder is hit by an Electric-type move, its Attack will rise.
100
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts the power of moves, but at the cost of some HP on each hit.
101
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a well-worn belt that slightly boosts the power of supereffective moves.
102
A Pokmon held item that boosts a move used consecutively. Its effect is reset if another move is used.
103
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a headband that slightly boosts the power of physical moves.
104
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a thick pair of glasses that slightly boosts the power of special moves.
105
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a sharply hooked claw that ups the holder's critical-hit ratio.
106
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a lens that boosts the holder's critical-hit ratio.
107
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a magnifying lens that slightly boosts the accuracy of moves.
108
An item to be held by a Pokmon. If the holder moves after its target, its accuracy will be boosted.
109
An item to be held by a Pokmon. When the holder inflicts damage, the target may flinch.
110
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It may make foes and allies flinch when the holder inflicts damage.
111
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is tremendously heavy and makes the holder move slower than usual.
112
An item to be held by a Pokmon. A light, sharp claw that lets the bearer move first occasionally.
113
An item to be held by a Pokmon. The holder may endure a potential KO attack, leaving it with just 1 HP.
114
An item to be held by a Pokmon. If it has full HP, the holder will endure one potential KO attack, leaving 1 HP.
115
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a bizarre orb that inflicts a burn on the holder in battle.
116
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a bizarre orb that badly poisons the holder in battle.
117
A held item that damages the holder on every turn. It may latch on to foes and allies that touch the holder.
118
A Pokmon held item that cuts Speed. It makes Flying-type and levitating holders susceptible to Ground moves.
119
Moves that would otherwise have no effect will land on the Pokmon that holds it.
120
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stiff and heavy brace that promotes strong growth but lowers Speed.
121
A Pokmon held item that promotes HP gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
122
A Pokmon held item that promotes Attack gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
123
A Pokmon held item that promotes Defense gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
124
A Pokmon held item that promotes Sp. Atk gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
125
A Pokmon held item that promotes Sp. Def gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
126
A Pokmon held item that promotes Speed gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
127
An item to be held by a Pokmon. The tricky aroma of this incense may make attacks miss the holder.
128
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is an exotic-smelling incense that makes the holder bloated and slow moving.
129
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It doubles a battle's prize money if the holding Pokmon joins in.
130
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It helps keep wild Pokmon away if the holder is the first one in the party.
131
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is incense with a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
132
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is incense with a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
133
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is an exotic-smelling incense that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
134
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is an exotic-smelling incense that boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
135
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is an exotic-smelling incense that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
136
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a combustible fuel that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
137
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a teardrop-shaped gem that ups the power of Water-type moves.
138
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a powerful magnet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
139
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a seed imbued with life that ups the power of Grass-type moves.
140
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a piece of ice that repels heat and boosts Ice-type moves.
141
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a belt that boosts determination and Fighting-type moves.
142
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a small, poisonous barb that ups the power of Poison-type moves.
143
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a loose, silky sand that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
144
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a long, sharp beak that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
145
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a spoon imbued with telekinetic power that boosts Psychic-type moves.
146
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a shiny, silver powder that ups the power of Bug-type moves.
147
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is an unbreakable stone that ups the power of Rock-type moves.
148
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a sinister, eerie tag that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
149
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a hard and sharp fang that ups the power of Dragon-type moves.
150
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a shady-looking pair of glasses that boosts Dark-type moves.
151
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a special metallic film that ups the power of Steel-type moves.
152
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a sumptuous scarf that boosts the power of Normal-type moves.
153
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
154
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
155
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
156
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
157
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
158
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
159
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
160
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
161
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
162
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
163
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Bug-type moves.
164
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
165
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
166
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
167
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
168
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
169
A gem with an essence of fire. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fire-type move only once.
170
A gem with an essence of water. When held, it strengthens the power of a Water-type move only once.
171
A gem with an essence of electricity. When held, it strengthens the power of an Electric-type move only once.
172
A gem with an essence of nature. When held, it strengthens the power of a Grass-type move only once.
173
A gem with an essence of ice. When held, it strengthens the power of an Ice-type move only once.
174
A gem with an essence of combat. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fighting-type move only once.
175
A gem with an essence of poison. When held, it strengthens the power of a Poison-type move only once.
176
A gem with an essence of land. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ground-type move only once.
177
A gem with an essence of air. When held, it strengthens the power of a Flying-type move only once.
178
A gem with an essence of the mind. When held, it strengthens the power of a Psychic-type move only once.
179
A gem with an insect-like essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Bug-type move only once.
180
A gem with an essence of rock. When held, it strengthens the power of a Rock-type move only once.
181
A gem with a spectral essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ghost-type move only once.
182
A gem with a draconic essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dragon-type move only once.
183
A gem with an essence of darkness. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dark-type move only once.
184
A gem with an essence of steel. When held, it strengthens the power of a Steel-type move only once.
185
A gem with an ordinary essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Normal-type move only once.
186
An item to be held by Pikachu. It is a puzzling orb that raises the Attack and Sp. Atk stat.
187
An item to be held by Chansey. It is a pair of gloves that boosts Chansey's critical-hit ratio.
188
An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Defense stat.
189
An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Speed stat.
190
An item to be held by Cubone or Marowak. It is a hard bone of some sort that boosts the Attack stat.
191
An item to be held by Farfetch'd. It is a very long and stiff stalk of leek that boosts the critical-hit ratio.
192
A wondrous orb to be held by Latios or Latias. It raises both the Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
193
An item to be held by Clamperl. A fang that gleams a sharp silver, it raises the Sp. Atk stat.
194
An item to be held by Clamperl. A scale that shines a faint pink, it raises the Sp. Def stat.
195
A brightly gleaming orb to be held by Dialga. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Steel-type moves.
196
A beautifully glowing orb to be held by Palkia. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Water-type moves.
197
A glowing orb to be held by Giratina. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Ghost-type moves.
198
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Techno Blast to a Water-type move.
199
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Techno Blast to an Electric-type move.
200
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Techno Blast to a Fire-type move.
201
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Techno Blast to an Ice-type move.
202
An item to be held by a Pokmon. The Pokmon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
203
A thick and tough scale. Dragon-type Pokmon may be holding this item when caught.
204
A transparent device filled with all sorts of data. It was produced by Silph Co.
205
A transparent device overflowing with dubious data.  Its producer is unknown.
206
A protective item of some sort. It is extremely stiff and heavy. It is loved by a certain Pokmon.
207
A box packed with a tremendous amount of electric energy. It is loved by a certain Pokmon.
208
A box packed with a tremendous amount of magma energy. It is loved by a certain Pokmon.
209
A cloth imbued with horrifyingly strong spiritual energy. It is loved by a certain Pokmon.
210
A mysterious scale that evolves certain Pokmon. It shines in rainbow colors.
211
A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokmon evolve. It is shaped like an egg.
212
An old scarf. It looks like it's been here for ages.
213
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts the Beauty aspect of the holder in a Contest.
214
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts the Cute aspect of the holder in a Contest.
215
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts the Smart aspect of the holder in a Contest.
216
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts the Tough aspect of the holder in a Contest.
217
A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by just 20 points.
218
A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 60 points.
219
A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 120 points.
220
A spray-type medicine for wounds. It completely restores the HP of a single Pokmon.
221
A medicine that fully restores the HP and heals any status problems of a single Pokmon.
222
It revives all fainted Pokmon. In doing so, it also fully restores their HP.
223
A spray-type medicine. It awakens a Pokmon from the clutches of sleep.
224
A spray-type medicine. It lifts the effect of poison from one Pokmon.
225
A spray-type medicine. It heals a single Pokmon that is suffering from a burn.
226
A spray-type medicine. It eliminates paralysis from a single Pokmon.
227
A spray-type medicine. It defrosts a Pokmon that has been frozen solid.
228
A spray-type medicine. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokmon.
229
Lavaridge Town's local specialty. It heals all the status problems of one Pokmon.
230
Old Chateau's hidden specialty. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokmon.
231
Castelia City's specialty, soft-serve ice cream. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokmon.
232
A medicine that revives a fainted Pokmon. It restores half the Pokmon's maximum HP.
233
A medicine that revives a fainted Pokmon. It fully restores the Pokmon's HP.
234
A 100% pure juice made of Berries. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by just 20 points.
235
A famous Mahogany Town candy tourists like to buy and take home. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 20 points.
236
Very sweet chocolate. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by only 20 points.
237
Water with a high mineral content. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 30 points.
238
A fizzy soda drink. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 50 points.
239
A very sweet drink. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 70 points.
240
Milk with a very high nutrition content. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 100 points.
241
A very bitter medicine powder. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 50 points.
242
A very bitter root. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 200 points.
243
A very bitter medicine powder. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokmon.
244
A very bitter medicinal herb. It revives a fainted Pokmon, fully restoring its HP.
245
It restores the PP of a Pokmon's selected move by a maximum of 10 points.
246
It fully restores the PP of a single selected move that has been learned by the target Pokmon.
247
It restores the PP of all the moves learned by the targeted Pokmon by 10 points each.
248
It fully restores the PP of all the moves learned by the targeted Pokmon.
249
It slightly raises the maximum PP of a selected move that has been learned by the target Pokmon.
250
It maximally raises the top PP of a selected move that has been learned by the target Pokmon.
251
A nutritious drink for Pokmon. It raises the base HP of a single Pokmon.
252
A nutritious drink for Pokmon. It raises the base Attack stat of a single Pokmon.
253
A nutritious drink for Pokmon. It raises the base Defense stat of a single Pokmon.
254
A nutritious drink for Pokmon. It raises the base Sp. Atk (Special Attack) stat of a single Pokmon.
255
A nutritious drink for Pokmon. It raises the base Sp. Def (Special Defense) stat of a single Pokmon.
256
A nutritious drink for Pokmon. It raises the base Speed stat of a single Pokmon.
257
An item for use on a Pokmon. It slightly increases the base HP of a single Pokmon.
258
An item for use on a Pokmon. It slightly increases the base Attack stat of a single Pokmon.
259
An item for use on a Pokmon. It slightly increases the base Defense stat of a single Pokmon.
260
An item for use on a Pokmon. It slightly increases the base Sp. Atk stat of a single Pokmon.
261
An item for use on a Pokmon. It slightly increases the base Sp. Def stat of a single Pokmon.
262
An item for use on a Pokmon. It slightly increases the base Speed stat of a single Pokmon.
263
A candy that is packed with energy. It raises the level of a single Pokmon by one.
264
The best Ball with the ultimate level of performance. It will catch any wild Pokmon without fail.
265
An ultra-performance Ball that provides a higher Pokmon catch rate than a Great Ball.
266
A good, high-performance Ball that provides a higher Pokmon catch rate than a standard Pok Ball.
267
A device for catching wild Pokmon. It is thrown like a ball at the target. It is designed as a capsule system.
268
A special Pok Ball that is used only in the Great Marsh. It is decorated in a camouflage pattern.
269
A special Pok Ball for the Bug-Catching Contest.
270
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on Water- and Bug-type Pokmon.
271
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on Pokmon that live underwater.
272
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on weaker Pokmon in the wild.
273
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on Pokmon species that were previously caught.
274
A somewhat different Ball that becomes progressively better the more turns there are in a battle.
275
A comfortable Pok Ball that makes a caught wild Pokmon quickly grow friendly.
276
A somewhat rare Pok Ball that has been specially made to commemorate an event of some sort.
277
A somewhat different Pok Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokmon at night or in dark places like caves.
278
A remedial Pok Ball that restores the caught Pokmon's HP and eliminates any status problem.
279
A somewhat different Pok Ball that provides a better catch rate if it is used at the start of a wild encounter.
280
A quite rare Pok Ball that has been specially crafted to commemorate an occasion of some sort.
281
A Pok Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokmon which are quick to run away.
282
A Pok Ball for catching Pokmon that are a lower level than your own.
283
A Pok Ball for catching Pokmon hooked by a Rod when fishing.
284
A Pok Ball for catching very heavy Pokmon.
285
A Pok Ball for catching Pokmon that are the opposite gender of your Pokmon.
286
A Pok Ball that makes caught Pokmon more friendly.
287
A Pok Ball for catching Pokmon that evolve using the Moon Stone.
288
The user is roused, and its Attack and Sp. Atk stats increase.
289
The user slashes the target with huge, sharp claws.
290
The user materializes an odd psychic wave to attack the target. This attack does physical damage.
291
The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
292
The target is scared off and replaced by another Pokmon in its party. In the wild, the battle ends.
293
A move that leaves the target badly poisoned. Its poison damage worsens every turn.
294
Summons a hailstorm that lasts for five turns. The hailstorm damages all types except Ice.
295
The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body, boosting both its Attack and Defense stats.
296
The user drenches the target in a special poisonous liquid. Its power is doubled if the target is poisoned.
297
A unique attack that varies in type and intensity depending on the Pokmon using it.
298
The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves.
299
The target is taunted into a rage that allows it to use only attack moves for three turns.
300
The target is struck with an icy-cold beam of energy. It may also freeze the target solid.
301
A howling blizzard is summoned to strike the opposing team. It may also freeze them solid.
302
The target is attacked with a powerful beam. The user must rest on the next turn to regain its energy.
303
A wondrous wall of light is put up to suppress damage from special attacks for five turns.
304
It enables the user to evade all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
305
The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves.
306
The user attacks the target with a secret power. Its added effects vary depending on the user's environment.
307
The user creates a protective field that prevents status problems for five turns.
308
A full-power attack that grows more powerful the less the user likes its Trainer.
309
A two-turn attack. The user gathers light, then blasts a bundled beam on the second turn.
310
The user throws a stone or projectile to attack an opponent. A flying Pokmon will fall to the ground when it's hit.
311
A strong electric blast is loosed at the target. It may also leave the target with paralysis.
312
A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target to inflict damage. It may also leave the target with paralysis.
313
The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokmon around it.
314
A full-power attack that grows more powerful the more the user likes its Trainer.
315
The user burrows, then attacks on the second turn. It can also be used to exit dungeons.
316
The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. It may also reduce the target's Sp. Def stat.
317
The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
318
The user attacks with tough fists, etc. It can also break any barrier such as Light Screen and Reflect.
319
By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.
320
A wondrous wall of light is put up to suppress damage from physical attacks for five turns.
321
It swamps the area around the user with a giant sludge wave. It may also poison those hit.
322
The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire. It may also leave the target with a burn.
323
Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. It may also poison the target.
324
A five-turn sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except the Rock, Ground, and Steel types.
325
The target is attacked with an intense blast of all-consuming fire. It may also leave the target with a burn.
326
Boulders are hurled at the target. It also lowers the target's Speed by preventing its movement.
327
The user confounds the target with speed, then slashes. The attack lands without fail.
328
The user torments and enrages the target, making it incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
329
An attack move that doubles its power if the user is poisoned, paralyzed, or has a burn.
330
The user cloaks itself with flame and attacks. Building up more power, it raises the user's Speed stat.
331
The user goes to sleep for two turns. It fully restores the user's HP and heals any status problem.
332
If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.
333
The user attacks and steals the target's held item simultaneously. It can't steal if the user holds an item.
334
The user attacks the target's legs swiftly, reducing the target's Speed stat.
335
The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join in the Round and make the attack do greater damage.
336
The user attacks the target with an echoing voice. If this move is used every turn, it does greater damage.
337
The user attacks the target at full power. The attack's recoil sharply reduces the user's Sp. Atk stat.
338
The target is hit with wings of steel. This may also raise the user's Defense stat.
339
The user heightens its mental focus and unleashes its power. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def.
340
The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def.
341
A restrained attack that prevents the target from fainting. The target is left with at least 1 HP.
342
The user shoots boiling hot water at its target. It may also leave the target with a burn.
343
The user flings its held item at the target as an attack. Its power and effects depend on the item.
344
The user attacks with an electric charge. The user may use any remaining electricity to raise its Sp. Atk stat.
345
The user hurls the target into the air, then drops it on the second turn. The target cannot attack while in the air.
346
The user attacks the target with fire. If the target is holding a Berry, the Berry becomes burnt up and unusable.
347
The user suppresses the target and makes its move go last.
348
The user shoots a sinister, bluish-white flame at the target to inflict a burn.
349
The user nimbly strikes the target. If the user is not holding an item, this attack inflicts massive damage.
350
It prevents the target from using its held item. Its Trainer is also prevented from using items on it.
351
The user explodes to inflict damage on those around it. The user faints upon using this move.
352
The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows. It has a high critical-hit ratio.
353
The user stores power, then attacks. If the user can use this attack after the target, its power is doubled.
354
The user lands and rests its body. It restores the user's HP by up to half of its max HP.
355
The user charges at the target using every bit of its power. The user must rest on the next turn.
356
The user polishes its body to reduce drag. It sharply raises the Speed stat.
357
The user flashes a bright light that cuts the target's accuracy. It can also be used to illuminate caves.
358
The user stabs the foe with sharpened stones from below. It has a high critical-hit ratio.
359
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokmon in waiting.
360
A weak electric charge is launched at the target. It causes paralysis if it hits.
361
The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin. The slower the user, the greater the damage.
362
A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. It sharply raises the user's Attack stat.
363
Resisting, the user attacks the opposing Pokmon. The targets' Sp. Atk stat is reduced.
364
The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.
365
The user stomps down on the ground and attacks everything in the area. The targets' Speed stat is reduced.
366
The user blows a cold breath on the target. This attack always results in a critical hit.
367
Large boulders are hurled at the opposing team to inflict damage. They may also make the targets flinch.
368
The user slashes at the target by crossing its scythes or claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
369
The user knocks away the target and drags out another Pokmon in its party. In the wild, the battle ends.
370
The target is infested and attacked for four to five turns. The target can't flee during this time.
371
The target is stabbed with a tentacle or arm steeped in poison. It may also poison the target.
372
The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target. It absorbs half the damage caused to heal the user's HP.
373
The user snares the target with grass and trips it. The heavier the target, the greater the damage.
374
The user enrages and confuses the target. However, it also sharply raises the target's Attack stat.
375
While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
376
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokmon in waiting.
377
The user makes a copy of itself using some of its HP. The copy serves as the user's decoy.
378
The user gathers all its light energy and releases it at once. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
379
The user creates a bizarre space in which slower Pokmon get to move first for five turns.
380
The user shrouds itself in electricity and smashes into its target. It also damages the user a little.
381
The user attacks with a punch that can shatter a rock. It may also lower the target's Defense stat.
382
The user yells as if it is ranting about something, making the target's Sp. Atk stat decrease.
383
The target is cut with a scythe or claw. It can also be used to cut down thin trees.
384
The user soars, then strikes on the second turn. It can also be used to fly to any familiar town.
385
It swamps the area around the user with a giant wave. It can also be used for crossing water.
386
The target is slugged with a punch thrown at maximum power. This move can also be used to move boulders.
387
The user charges the target at an awesome speed. It can also be used to climb a waterfall.
388
Diving on the first turn, the user floats up and attacks on the second. It can be used for diving in the ocean.
389
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to recover from paralysis.
390
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to recover from sleep.
391
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to recover from poison.
392
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to recover from a burn.
393
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to defrost it.
394
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to restore a move's PP by 10.
395
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to heal the user by just 10 HP.
396
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to recover from confusion.
397
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to recover from any status problem.
398
It may be used or held by a Pokmon to heal the user's HP a little.
399
If held by a Pokmon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but will cause confusion if it hates the taste.
400
If held by a Pokmon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but will cause confusion if it hates the taste.
401
If held by a Pokmon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but will cause confusion if it hates the taste.
402
If held by a Pokmon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but will cause confusion if it hates the taste.
403
If held by a Pokmon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but will cause confusion if it hates the taste.
404
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
405
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
406
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
407
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
408
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
409
Using it on a Pokmon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base HP.
410
Using it on a Pokmon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Attack stat.
411
Using it on a Pokmon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Defense stat.
412
Using it on a Pokmon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Sp. Atk stat.
413
Using it on a Pokmon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Sp. Def stat.
414
Using it on a Pokmon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Speed stat.
415
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
416
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
417
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
418
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
419
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
420
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
421
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
422
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
423
In the Sinnoh region, they like to make sweets known as Poffins with this Berry and feed them to their Pokmon.
424
Weakens a supereffective Fire-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
425
Weakens a supereffective Water-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
426
Weakens a supereffective Electric-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
427
Weakens a supereffective Grass-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
428
Weakens a supereffective Ice-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
429
Weakens a supereffective Fighting-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
430
Weakens a supereffective Poison-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
431
Weakens a supereffective Ground-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
432
Weakens a supereffective Flying-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
433
Weakens a supereffective Psychic-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
434
Weakens a supereffective Bug-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
435
Weakens a supereffective Rock-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
436
Weakens a supereffective Ghost-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
437
Weakens a supereffective Dragon-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
438
Weakens a supereffective Dark-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
439
Weakens a supereffective Steel-type attack against the holding Pokmon.
440
Weakens a Normal-type attack against the Pokmon holding this berry.
441
If held by a Pokmon, it raises its Attack stat in a pinch.
442
If held by a Pokmon, it raises its Defense stat in a pinch.
443
If held by a Pokmon, it raises its Speed stat in a pinch.
444
If held by a Pokmon, it raises its Sp. Atk stat in a pinch.
445
If held by a Pokmon, it raises its Sp. Def stat in a pinch.
446
If held by a Pokmon, it raises its critical-hit ratio in a pinch.
447
If held by a Pokmon, it sharply raises one of its stats in a pinch.
448
If held by a Pokmon, it restores its HP if it is hit by any supereffective attack.
449
If held by a Pokmon, it raises the accuracy of a move just once in a pinch.
450
If held by a Pokmon, it gets to move first just once in a pinch.
451
If held by a Pokmon and a physical attack lands, the attacker also takes damage.
452
If held by a Pokmon and a special attack lands, the attacker also takes damage.
453
Stationery featuring a print of a refreshingly green field. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
454
Stationery featuring a print of flames in blazing red. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
455
Stationery featuring a print of a blue world underwater. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
456
Stationery featuring a print of pretty floral patterns. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
457
Stationery featuring a print of a dimly lit coal mine. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
458
Stationery featuring a print of cool mechanical designs. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
459
Stationery featuring a print of giant heart patterns. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
460
Stationery featuring a print of a chilly, snow-covered world. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
461
Stationery featuring a print depicting the huge expanse of space. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
462
Stationery featuring a print of colorful letter sets. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
463
Stationery featuring a print of a vivid rainbow pattern. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
464
Stationery featuring a print of a tough-looking brick pattern. Let a Pokmon hold it for delivery.
465
An item that raises the Attack stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
466
It sharply raises the Attack stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
467
It drastically raises the Attack stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
468
It raises the Attack stat of a Pokmon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
469
An item that raises the Defense of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
470
It sharply raises the Defense stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
471
It drastically raises the Defense stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
472
It raises the Defense stat of a Pokmon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
473
An item that raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
474
It sharply raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
475
It drastically raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
476
It raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokmon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
477
An item that raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
478
It sharply raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
479
It drastically raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
480
It raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokmon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
481
An item that raises the Speed stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
482
It sharply raises the Speed stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
483
It drastically raises the Speed stat of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
484
It raises the Speed stat of a Pokmon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
485
An item that raises the accuracy of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
486
It sharply raises the accuracy of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
487
It drastically raises the accuracy of a Pokmon in battle. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
488
It raises the accuracy of a Pokmon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
489
It raises the critical-hit ratio greatly. It can be used only once and wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
490
It can be used many times to raise the critical-hit ratio of one Pokmon. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
491
It can be used many times to greatly raise a Pokmon's critical-hit ratio. It wears off if the Pokmon is withdrawn.
492
An item that prevents stat reduction among the Trainer's party Pokmon for five turns after use.
493
When used, it restores any stat changes of an ally Pokmon.
494
When used, it activates the Ability of an ally Pokmon.
495
When used, it causes an ally Pokmon to use its held item.
496
When used, it causes an ally Pokmon to drop a held item.
497
A blue flute made from blown glass. Its melody awakens a single Pokmon from sleep.
498
A yellow flute made from blown glass. Its melody snaps a single Pokmon out of confusion.
499
A red flute made from blown glass. Its melody snaps a single Pokmon out of infatuation.
500
A doll that attracts Pokmon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokmon.
501
An item that attracts Pokmon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokmon.
502
An item that attracts Pokmon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokmon.
503
A folding Bicycle that enables much faster movement than the Running Shoes.
504
An old and beat-up fishing rod. Use it by any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokmon.
505
A new, good-quality fishing rod. Use it by any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokmon.
506
An awesome, high-tech fishing rod. Use it by any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokmon.
507
A device used for finding items. If there is a hidden item nearby when it is used, it emits a signal.
508
It checks for unseen items in the area and makes noise and lights when it finds something.
509
A tool that can search out Pokmon that are hiding in grass. Its battery is recharged as you walk.
510
A very convenient map that can be viewed anytime. It even shows your present location.
511
A flute that is said to instantly awaken any Pokmon. It has a lovely tone.
512
A case for holding coins obtained at the Game Corner. It holds up to 50,000 coins.
513
A sack used to gather and hold volcanic ash.
514
A scope that makes unseeable Pokmon visible. It is made by Silph Co.
515
A device by Devon that signals any unseeable Pokmon.
516
A bottle used for watering plants.
517
A watering can shaped like a Psyduck. It helps promote healthy growth of Berries planted in soft soil.
518
A tool used for watering Berries and plants.
519
A flower sometimes bundled in bouquets to convey gratitude on special occasions like birthdays.
520
A ticket required to board the ship to Doxy Island. It glows beautifully.
521
A faded sea chart that shows the way to a certain island.
522
A splicer that fuses Kyurem and a certain Pokmon. They are said to have been one in the beginning.
523
A glass that reveals the truth. It is a mysterious glass that returns a Pokmon back to its original shape.
524
An oval charm said to increase the chance of Eggs being found at the Day Care.
525
A shiny charm said to increase the chance of finding a Shiny Pokmon.
526
A candy that does the reverse role that of a Rare Candy.
527
An item that you can't quite make out. What is it?
528
pOISON
529
The user smashes the opponent with  powerful tail covered in poison.
530
"A mystery love letter that is meant for Cameron"
531
A mysterious stone
532
Weird concoction of ingredients. It smells good-ish?
533
A mysterious stone with a mystical presence inside.
534
A suspicious letter given to you by a scientist.
535
A stone that fills the Pokemon's heart with a feeling similar to that of being traded.
536
A treat that attracts rogue wild Pokemon.
537
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Abomasnow hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
538
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Absol hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
539
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Aerodactyl hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
540
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Aggron hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
541
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Alakazam hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
542
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Ampharos hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
543
An item to be held by a Pokmon. This offensive vest raises Sp. Def but prevents the use of status moves.
544
A stone that enables Banette to Mega Evolve in Battle.
545
One  variety of Mega Stones. Have Blastoise hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
546
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Blaziken hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
547
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
548
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
549
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Garchomp hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
550
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Gardevoir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
551
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Gengar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
552
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Gyarados hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.,
553
A stone that enables Heracross to Mega Evolve in Battle.
554
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Houndoom hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
555
A rather curious stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It's all in the eye of the beholder.
556
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea in ancient times. It appears to be part of its jaw.
557
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Kangaskhan hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
558
If held by a Pokmon, this Berry will increase the Pokmon's Defense stat when hit by a physical attack.
559
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Lucario hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
560
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts Sp. Def if hit with a Water-type attack. It can only be used once.
561
It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokmon.
562
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Manectric hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
563
If held by a Pokmon, this Berry will increase the Pokmon's Sp. Defense stat when hit by a special attack.
564
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Mawile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
565
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Medicham hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
566
This ring contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokmon carrying stone enhancements to use them in battle!
567
One of Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle
568
One of Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle
569
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Pinsir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
570
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fairy-type moves.
571
If held by a Pokmon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fairy-type attack.
572
A sachet filled with fragrant perfumes that are just slightly too overwhelming. Yet it's loved by a certain Pokmon.
573
An item to be held by a Pokmon. These goggles protect the holder from both weather-related damage and powder.
574
A fossil of an ancient Pokmon that lived in the sea in ancient times. It appears to be part of its sail
575
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Scizor hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
576
An item to be held by a Pokmon. It boosts Attack if hit with an Ice-type attack. It can only be used once.
577
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Tyranitar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
578
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Venusaur hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
579
An item to be held by a Pokmon. Attack and Sp. Atk sharply increase if the holder is hit with a move it's weak to.
580
A soft and sweet treat made of fluffy, puffy, whipped and whirled cream. It's loved by a certain Pokmon.
581
A capsule that allows a Pokmon to switch abilities when it is used.
582
An attack that makes use of nature's power. Its effects vary depending on the user's environment.
583
The user releases a horrible aura imbued with dark thoughts. It may also make the target flinch.
584
Striking opponents over and over makes the user's fists harder. Hitting a target raises the Attack stat.
585
The user damages opposing Pokmon by emitting a powerful flash.
586
The user tells the target a secret, and the target loses its ability to concentrate. This lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
587
Tropical spices grounded up into one. Great for getting pesky Pokemon to move from their location.
588
A mysterious stone wing. It looks like it was attatched to something.
589
A card key that was found in Melia's lab coat.It seems a little damaged...
590
A mysterious substance that is used to travel in Valor Mountain.
591
A peculiar key to some door in Aevium.
592
An extremely powerful medicine that originated from Olivine City in the Johto region.
593
A pass that allows the lucky weilder to enter Grand Dream City during their celebrity event.
601
This scent massage opens the hearts of Pokmon a little.
602
This scent massage opens the hearts of Pokmon.
603
This scent massage opens the hearts of Pokmon a lot.
604
This item fully opens the hearts of a Pokmon.
605
A mysterious key that opens a door somewhere nearby.
606
A mysterious key that opens a door somewhere nearby.
607
A kit that contains tools for mining.
608
A sturdy ladder
609
A key to some house in Goldenleaf.
610
A key that can be used to open up the way to the Lost Camp.
611
An extremely rare shard that can only be found in certain places.
612
The Pokmon uses its claws to grapple onto certain surfaces. Enabling it to climb.
613
A spiny delicacy. It restores 20 HP.
614
A mysterious crystal that is said to awaken nearby Timesplicer stones.
615
A pass that allows visitors to access Axis University.
616
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Metagross hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
617
A machine that can conduct electricity into a person.
618
Keys to Tesla's Yacht on Teila Town's shore.
619
A pendant that's oddly shaped like a Pokemon...
620
A pendant that's simultaneously shaped like the sun and the moon.
621
Keys to another Help Center somewhere on Terajuma Island.
622
A delicious pastry that has the ability to revive fainted Pokemon.
623
The user engulfs their foot with poison and proceeds to knock over their opponent. It may lower Speed.
624
The user proceeds to attack the opponent with quick jabs. The more it's used the more powerful it is.
625
A key to Madelis' throne room.
626
A key to Madelis' throne room.
627
A key to Madelis' throne room.
628
A key to Madelis' throne room.
629
An extremely rare ice cream from the Reborn region!
630
A book that is said to have the power to translate ancient Garufa text.
631
An object that is an item but also a mystery.
632
A vanilla flavored treat! Eat it before it melts!
633
A chocolate flavored treat! Eat it before it melts!
634
A strawberry flavored treat! Eat it before it melts!
635
Redeem this at Gearen City's bike shop for a free bike!
636
A broken interfering signal antenna. The guard named it Philip. RIP Guard.
637
A broken antenna that was turned into a small laser.
638
A stone that was said to control Heatran. It also has the power to melt nevermeltice.
639
It engulfs the opponent with a giant wave of magma. It can also be used for crossing lava or magma.
640
The user soaks the opponent with a strong blast of water.
641
A key that can be used to open up Storage Unit #1 in Akuwa Town.
642
A flute that can be used to gather the Poliwag Troupe.
643
A key that can be used to access the train at the Shadow Backup HQ.
644
A piece of a broken card key.
645
A piece of a broken card key.
646
A piece of a broken card key.
647
The user creates a large wall out of sediment, weakening the power of Super Effective moves for 5 turns. It can only be used in a sandstorm.
648
Does massive damage if the opponent is inflicted with a status.
649
A key to some apartment in Kugearen City.
650
Toilet Paper... okay?
651
A weird diary that claims to have the answer to Dimensional Rift purification.
652
A card that allows the owner to participate in the Attack EV center service.
653
A card that allows the owner to participate in the Special Attack EV center service.
654
A card that allows the owner to participate in the Defense EV center service.
655
A usb filled with mysterious data.
656
The user slashes the target with a massive vine-whip. It may burn the target.
657
A delicious cake made from strawberries! Restores 150 HP.
658
Delicious tea made from dried rose petals. Restores PP on a single move.
659
Tea made from fresh herbs. Fully revives a single Pokemon and increases happiness.
660
A sour pastry made from fresh Razz Berries. Cures status ailments.
661
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Sceptile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
662
A key to the help center in Kristiline Town.
663
A card that allows the owner to participate in the Special Defense EV center service.
664
A key that opens a door somewhere in the Darchlight Manor.
665
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on Water- and Fire-type Pokmon.
666
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on Rock- Ground- and Steel-type Pokmon.
667
A Mysterious Cube that has the power to gather various types of cells.
668
A pendant that belongs to a mysterious woman named Anju. It apparently means a lot to her.
669
A machine that allows the user to snag Shadow Pokemon.
670
Once was a machine that was capable of capturing Shadow Pokemon. Madelis interfered with the device and destroyed it.
671
Delicious pancakes imported in from Apophyll Academy. They're magically delicious!
672
A cursed medal that will guarentee the user to experience nightmares while they sleep. 
673
A key that Professor Matthew found in the Forsaken Laboratory.
674
A star piece that seems to be part of something bigger.
675
A star piece that seems to be part of something bigger. There are two shards here.
676
A star piece that seems to be part of something bigger. There are three shards here.
677
A star piece that seems to be part of something bigger. There are four shards here.
678
An invitation to a secret event! Take it to the Gearen Laboratory!
679
A portait of a family that once lived in Aevium. Their history is unknown.
680
A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokmon by 200 points.
690
If held by a Pokmon, it boosts Speed when intimidated. It can be used only once.
691
The Alola regions local specialtyfried bread. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokmon.
692
 A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokmon evolve. It has an unmistakable snowflake pattern. 
693
 An item to be held by a Pokmon. These pads protect the holder from effects caused by making direct contact with the target. 
694
A memory disc that contains Fire-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
695
A memory disc that contains Water-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
696
A memory disc that contains Electric-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
697
A memory disc that contains Grass-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
698
A memory disc that contains Ice-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
699
A memory disc that contains Fighting-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
700
A memory disc that contains Poison-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
701
A memory disc that contains Ground-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
702
A memory disc that contains Flying-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
703
A memory disc that contains Psychic-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
704
A memory disc that contains Bug-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
705
A memory disc that contains Rock-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
706
A memory disc that contains Ghost-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
707
A memory disc that contains Dragon-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
708
A memory disc that contains Dark-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
709
A memory disc that contains Steel-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
710
A memory disc that contains Fairy-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain Pokmon.
712
A special Pok Ball designed to catch Ultra Beasts. It has a low success rate for catching others.
713
A flower nectar imported from Ula'ula Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokmon.
714
A flower nectar imported from Melemele Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokmon.
715
A flower nectar imported from the flowering shrubs on Royal Avenue. It changes the form of certain species of Pokmon.
716
A flower nectar imported from Poni Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokmon.
717
This move reduces damage from physical and special moves for five turns. This can be used only in a hailstorm.
718
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Bug-type moves to Bug-type Z-Moves.
719
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Bug-type moves to Z-Moves.
720
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Dark-type moves to Dark-type Z-Moves.
721
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Dark-type moves to Z-Moves.
722
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Dragon-type moves to Dragon-type Z-Moves.
723
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Dragon-type moves to Z-Moves.
724
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Electric-type moves to Electric-type Z-Moves.
725
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Electric-type moves to Z-Moves.
726
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fairy-type moves to Fairy-type Z-Moves.
727
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fairy-type moves to Z-Moves.
728
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fighting-type moves to Fighting-type Z-Moves.
729
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fighting-type moves to Z-Moves.
730
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fire-type moves to Fire-type Z-Moves.
731
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fire-type moves to Z-Moves.
732
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Flying-type moves to Flying-type Z-Moves.
733
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Flying-type moves to Z-Moves.
734
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ghost-type moves to Ghost-type Z-Moves.
735
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ghost-type moves to Z-Moves.
736
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Grass-type moves to Grass-type Z-Moves.
737
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Grass-type moves to Z-Moves.
738
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ground-type moves to Ground-type Z-Moves.
739
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ground-type moves to Z-Moves.
740
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ice-type moves to Ice-type Z-Moves.
741
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ice-type moves to Z-Moves.
742
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Normal-type moves to Normal-type Z-Moves.
743
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Normal-type moves to Z-Moves.
744
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Poison-type moves to Poison-type Z-Moves.
745
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Poison-type moves to Z-Moves.
746
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Psychic-type moves to Psychic-type Z-Moves.
747
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Psychic-type moves to Z-Moves.
748
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Rock-type moves to Rock-type Z-Moves.
749
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Rock-type moves to Z-Moves.
750
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Steel-type moves to Steel-type Z-Moves.
751
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Steel-type moves to Z-Moves.
752
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Water-type moves to Water-type Z-Moves.
753
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Water-type moves to Z-Moves.
754
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Alternate Raichu's Thunderbolt to an exclusive Z-Move.
755
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Alternate Raichu's Thunderbolt to a Z-Move.
756
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Decidueye's Spirit Shackle to an exclusive Z-Move.
757
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Decidueye's Spirit Shackle to a Z-Move.
758
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Incineroar's Darkest Lariat to an exclusive Z-Move.
759
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Incineroar's Darkest Lariat to a Z-Move.
760
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Primarina's Sparkling Aria to an exclusive Z-Move.
761
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Primarina's Sparkling Aria to a Z-Move.
762
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Eevee's Last Resort to an exclusive Z-Move.
763
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Eevee's Last Resort to a Z-Move.
764
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Pikachu's Volt Tackle to an exclusive Z-Move.
765
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Pikachu's Volt Tackle to a Z-Move.
766
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Snorlax's Giga Impact to an exclusive Z-Move.
767
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Snorlax's Giga Impact to a Z-Move.
768
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Mew's Psychic to an exclusive Z-Move.
769
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Mew's Psychic to a Z-Move.
770
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade the tapus' Nature's Madness to an exclusive Z-Move.
771
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades the tapus' Nature's Madness to a Z-Move.
772
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Marshadow's Spectral Thief to an exclusive Z-Move.
773
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Marshadow's Spectral Thief to a Z-Move.
774
A single-use seed that boosts its holder in Elemental Fields.
775
A single-use seed that boosts its holder in Magical Fields.
776
A single-use seed that boosts its holder in Telluric Fields.
777
A single-use seed that boosts its holder in Synthetic Fields.
778
An amulet with a Time Gear on it. Its function is unknown.
779
A book that contains a myriad of spells created by the Garufa.
780
A mystical cane that Souta owned. It can extend and shorten itself at the base. 
781
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Pidgeot hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
782
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Slowbro hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
783
The user stabs the target with a sharp horn. This attack never misses.
784
The user swings its body around violently to inflict damage on everything in its vicinity.
785
The user drains the target's blood. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
786
A mysterious emblem that depicts an odd shape.
787
A book filled with research notes about the Pokemon Flabebe.
788
A parcel from the broken down SPU truck. Take this to its rightful owner!
789
A mysterious mirror that's said to act as a bridge between dimensions.
790
A fragment of pitch-dark energy.
791
A candle that has a dark curse placed upon it. It seems like it was crafted specifically to fit atop a grave.
792
A tape Melia made to audition for the Normal-Type Gym Leader position. It's apparently very embarrassing.
793
A card that displays the amount of AP on hand.
794
A golden item that allows for the use of Strength without the use of TM's.
795
A golden item that allows for the use of Cut without the use of TM's.
796
A golden item that allows for the use of Rock Smash without the use of TM's.
797
A golden item that allows for the use of Surf without the use of TM's.
798
A golden item that allows for the use of Dive without the use of TM's.
799
A golden item that allows for the use of Fly without the use of TM's.
800
A golden item that allows for the use of Waterfall without the use of TM's.
801
A golden item that allows for the use of Magma Drift without the use of TM's.
802
A golden item that allows for the use of Rock Climb without the use of TM's.
803
Turning off this special device will stop all the Pokmon on your team from receiving Exp. Points from battles.
804
Turning on this special device will allow all the Pokmon on your team to receive Exp. Points from battles.
805
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Beedrill hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
806
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Steelix hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
807
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Swampert hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
808
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Sableye hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
809
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Sharpedo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
810
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Camerupt hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
811
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Altaria hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
812
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Glalie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
813
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Salamence hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
814
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Latias hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
815
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Latios hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
816
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Lopunny hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
817
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Gallade hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
818
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Audino hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
819
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Diancie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
820
A mysterious shard that was created by smelting Black Ore.
821
A lure that brings Pokemon out at certain spots.
823
It swaps Magcargo's Defense and Speed and increases Sp. Atk by 10.
825
Sniper is always active. If opponent is below 50% HP, Fearow always crits.
826
It increases Stantler's Attack and Accuracy by 50%.
827
It increases Hypno's Special Attack and Accuracy by 50%.
828
It takes resisted damage from Rock and Fighting attacks.
829
It takes resisted damage from Fire and Flying attacks.
830
It increases Relicanth's Attack by 20% and Sp. Def by 30%.
831
It increases Oricorio's Speed and Sp. Atk stat by 25%.
832
Has a special effect for each held Memory and boosts that type's attacks.
833
It causes Seviper to hit harder against healthier foes. Speed increased by 50%.
834
It increases Cofagrigus's Sp. Def and Sp. Atk by 25%.
835
It increases Dusknoir's Attack by 20% and boosts weaker moves.
836
A card that holds every virtual badge earned.
837
???.
838
Rare ore found within Aquamarine Cave.
839
A key to a room in Tecanlite Factory
840
This item is used to fuse Necrozma and Solgaleo to create Dusk Mane Necrozma.
841
This item is used to fuse Necrozma and Lunala to create Dawn Wings Necrozma.
842
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Kommo-o's Clanging Scales to an exclusive Z-Move.
843
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Kommo-o's Clanging Scales to a Z-Move.
844
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Lycanroc's Stone Edge to an exclusive Z-Move.
845
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Lycanroc's Stone Edge to a Z-Move.
846
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Mimikyu's Play Rough to an exclusive Z-Move.
847
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Mimikyu's Play Rough to a Z-Move.
848
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Solgaleo's Sunsteel Strike to an exclusive Z-Move.
849
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Solgaleo's Sunsteel Strike to a Z-Move.
850
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Lunala's Moongeist Beam to an exclusive Z-Move.
851
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Lunala's Moongeist Beam to a Z-Move.
852
It's a crystal that allows Necrozma fused with another pokemon to change forme.
853
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ultra Necrozma's Photon Geyser to a Z-Move.
854
A powder made from Electrode. Explodes to break up certain rock formations.
855
A Pokmon held item that extends the duration of the area-altering moves used by the holder.
856
A single-use seed that boosts its holder in Telluric Fields.
857
A mysterious black box that belonged to Nancy. It gives off a faint pink glow.
858
A key to the strange house south of Sashila Village. It's really rusty.
859
A key to the strange house south of Sashila Village. It's brand new!
860
A postcard with a lovely picture of Gregorian Lake on it.
861
Nullifies damage and boosts Attack when hit by a Ground-type move. 
862
A transmitter given to you by Nastasia. It can be used to speak to Ren or Aelita.
863
A key to open the gate to Zone Zero from Alamissa Urben.
864
It makes Darmanitan stay in Zen Mode.
865
It forces Cherrim into Sunshine Form regardless of weather.
866
Special attacks use its Defense stat. Beam moves are boosted.
867
Physical attacks use its Speed stat rather than its Attack stat.
868
Poisons the user and restores HP if the Pokemon is poisoned.
869
Deals 50% damage taken as recoil and recovers that amount.
870
Meganium and allies take reduced damage and recover every turn.
871
Atk scales with SpAtk, and contact moves do additional fire damage.
872
First move has higher priority. Biting moves deal more damage.
873
It helps Rampardos always hang on with 1HP regardless of HP, once per battle.
874
It helps Ledian to punch four times at once. Effects occur on first two hits.
875
It increases Ariados' Speed by 1.5x and always hit critically if target is slowed/poisoned.
876
It makes Spiritomb stronger for each defeated ally, and recovers health based on KO'd enemies.
877
Nullifies damage and boosts Attack when hit by a Grass-type move.
878
A key that was previously the Normality Badge. The Normality Badge's true form.
879
May disable opponent's move and faster opponents do reduced damage.
880
Swaps resistances and weaknesses.
881
Swaps Attacks and Defenses.
882
Gains Ice Type STAB and doubles speed in Hail or Ice Fields.
883
A stick Braixen used to use for her attacks.
884
A core filled to the brim with Dark Matter.
885
The user sharpens its claws to boost its Attack stat and accuracy.
886
This move deals double damage if the user is hurt by the target that turn.
887
The user fires an electric blast like a cannon to inflict damage and cause paralysis.
888
The user waggles a finger and stimulates its brain into randomly using nearly any move.
889
This move attacks first. It fails if the target is not attacking.
890
The user avenges an ally. If an ally fainted the prior turn the damage increases.
891
The user punches the target with full power. It confuses the target if it hits.
892
The user whirls its fists to send out a wave of pure vacuum. This move always goes first.
893
It helps Cryogonal use its Special Attack when using a physical move.
894
Causes Castform to use first weather move and gives it a special ability.
895
The user strikes with a simultaneous three-beam attack. May also burn or freeze or paralyze the target.
896
A peculiar apple that can make a certain species of Pokmon evolve. It's exceptionally tart.
897
A peculiar apple that can make a certain species of Pokmon evolve. It's exceptionally Sweet.
898
A peculiar teapot that can make a certain species of Pokmon evolve. It may be chipped, but tea poured from it is delicious.
899
A peculiar teapot that can make a certain species of Pokmon evolve. It may be cracked, but tea poured from it is delicious.
900
It is said that a hero used this sword to halt a terrible disaster in ancient times. It's grown rusty and worn.
901
It is said that a hero used this shield to halt a terrible disaster in ancient times. It's grown rusty and worn.
902
The fossil of an ancient Pokmon that once soared through the sky. What it looked like is a mystery.
903
The fossil of an ancient Pokmon that once lived in the sea. What it looked like is a mystery.
904
The fossil of an ancient Pokmon that once roamed the land. What it looked like is a mystery.
905
The fossil of an ancient Pokmon that once lived in the sea. What it looked like is a mystery.
906
This item, when held, causes a Pokmon's Special Attack stat to be raised by one stage when it uses a Sound based move
907
An item to be held by a Pokmon. When the holder's stats are lowered, it will be switched out of battle.
908
These boots prevent the effects of traps set on the battlefield.
909
Raises Speed sharply when a Pokmon misses with a move because of accuracy.
910
An item to be held by a Pokmon. Lowers Speed when Trick Room takes effect.
911
An item to be held by a Pokmon. This sturdy umbrella protects the holder from the effects of weather.
912
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokmon a very small amount of Exp. Points.
913
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokmon a small amount of Exp. Points.
914
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokmon a moderate amount of Exp. Points.
915
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokmon a large amount of Exp. Points.
916
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokmon a very large amount of Exp. Points.
917
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Sp. Atk will grow more slowly.
918
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
919
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
920
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
921
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
922
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Sp. Att will grow more slowly.
923
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
924
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
925
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Attack will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
926
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Attack will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
927
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Attack will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
928
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Attack will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
929
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
930
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
931
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Sp. Attack will grow more slowly.
932
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
933
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
934
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
935
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Sp. Att will grow more slowly.
936
When a Pokmon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
937
When a Pokmon smells this mint, all of its stats will grow at an equal rate.
938
Throw one into a Pokmon Den to attract a wild Rift Pokmon.
939
Holding it is said to increase the chance of getting a critical catch. Curiously, the charm doesn't shake much.
940
A key to open doors in various dungeons
941
A somewhat different Pok Ball that works especially well on sleeping Pokmon.
942
A special "Pecha Berry" given to you by the employee at The Berry Emporium.
943
A smartphone that was enhanced with a Rotom!
944
Tickets to Amber's concert! These are VIP too!
945
A handwritten letter by Amber. Only you can read this, but Amber doesn't want you to just yet.
946
The target is slugged by a punch thrown with muscle-packed power.
947
The target is attacked by a kick launched with muscle-packed power.
948
Numerous coins are hurled at the target to inflict damage. Money is earned after the battle.
949
Sharp spikes are shot at the target in rapid succession. They hit two to five times in a row.
950
The user scatters curious leaves that chase the target. This attack never misses.
951
In this two-turn attack the user gathers light, and fills a blade with the light's energy, attacking the target on the next turn.
952
The target becomes trapped within a fierce vortex of fire that rages for four to five turns.
953
An earsplitting screech harshly lowers the target's Defense stat.
954
The user attacks everything around it by causing an explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
955
The user frightens the target with a scary face to harshly lower its Speed stat.
956
The user gazes at the target rather charmingly, making it less wary. This harshly lowers the target's Attack stat.
957
The user traps the target in a violent swirling whirlpool for four to five turns.
958
The user gets all party Pokmon to attack the target. The more party Pokmon, the greater the number of attacks.
959
This attack move varies in power and type depending on the weather.
960
The user feigns crying to fluster the target, harshly lowering its Sp. Def stat.
961
The user traps the target inside a harshly raging sandstorm for four to five turns.
962
The user forcefully shoots seeds at the target two to five times in a row.
963
The user launches sharp icicles at the target two to five times in a row
964
The user attacks by hurling a blob of mud at the target. This also lowers the target's Speed stat.
965
The user hurls hard rocks at the target. Two to five rocks are launched in a row.
966
If the target's HP is half or less, this attack will hit with double the power.
967
If the target has already taken some damage in the same turn, this attack's power is doubled
968
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Attack and Sp. Atk stats with the target.
969
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Defense and Sp. Def stats with the target.
970
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Speed stat with the target
971
The user bites with cold-infused fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it frozen.
972
The user bites with flame-cloaked fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it with a burn.
973
The user bites with electrified fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it with paralysis.
974
The user tears at the target with blades formed by psychic power. Critical hits land more easily.
975
A slashing attack with a poisonous blade that may also poison the target. Critical hits land more easily.
976
This relentless attack does massive damage to a target affected by status conditions.
977
The user cuts its target with sharp shells. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
978
The user attacks by striking the target with its hard tail. It hits the target two to five times in a row.
979
The user vanishes somewhere, then strikes the target on the next turn. This move hits even if the target protects itself.
980
The user steals the target's HP with a kiss. The user's HP is restored by over half of the damage taken by the target.
981
The user turns the ground to grass for five turns. This restores the HP of Pokmon on the ground a little every turn and powers up Grass-type moves.
982
The user electrifies the ground for five turns, powering up Electric-type moves. Pokmon on the ground no longer fall asleep.
983
This protects Pokmon on the ground from status conditions and halves damage from Dragon-type moves for five turns.
984
This protects Pokmon on the ground from priority moves and powers up Psychic-type moves for five turns.
985
The user attacks by breathing a special, hot fire. This also lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
986
The user's body generates an eerie impulse. Exposing the target to it harshly lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
987
The user attacks with a blade of air that slices even the sky. This may also make the target flinch.
988
The user swings its tough tail wildly and attacks opposing Pokmon. This also lowers their Attack stats.
989
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
990
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Butterfree hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
991
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Pikachu hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
992
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Meowth hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
993
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Machamp hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
994
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Gengar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
995
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Kingler hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
996
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Lapras hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
997
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Eevee hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
998
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Snorlax hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
999
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Garbodor hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1000
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Melmetal hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1001
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Corviknight hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1002
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Orbeetle hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1003
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Drednaw hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1004
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Coalossal hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1005
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Flapple hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1006
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Appletun hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1007
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Sandaconda hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1008
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Toxtricity hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1009
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Centiskorch hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1010
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Hatterene hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1011
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Grimmsnarl hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1012
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Alcremie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1013
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Copperajah hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1014
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Duraludon hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1015
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Venusaur hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1016
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Blastoise hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1017
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Rillaboom hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1018
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Cinderace hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1019
One variety of Mega Stone. Have Inteleon hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1020
Candy that was made by The Puppet Master. It will level up your Pokemon a small amount.
1021
Candy that was made by The Puppet Master. It will level up your Pokemon an average amount.
1022
A mysterious black box. It does nothing.
1023
A card that allows the owner to participate in the HP EV center service.
1024
A card that allows the owner to participate in the Speed EV center service.
1025
Adds half of the opponent's Attack stat to Thievul's own.
1026
Levitates. Mini-noses do 20% type-based damage after a damaging move.
1027
Heals in the sun and from Fire moves. Fire and Dragon moves get boosted by 30%.
1028
All moves turn into multi-hit moves. 2-5 hits of 35% the BP.
1029
STAB on Psychic moves and gains Psychic-type resistances.
1030
STAB on Dark moves and gains Dark-type resistances.
1031
1.5x boost to biting moves if Boltund moves before target.
1032
Attack Order and Defense Order grant a 50% boost to Offenses or Defenses, that switch around when the other is used.
1033
50% increase in defenses, grants Aqua Ring.
1034
The power of its friends increases Delcatty's stats by 10% each.
1035
Stockpiles gained after an attack. Belch always usable and followed by Spit Up.
1036
Allows Tangrowth to recover health opponents lose at the end of turn.
1037
Swaps Mismagius' defenses and makes it immune to contact moves.
1038
Merges Snorlax's attack and speed stats while asleep.
1039
A key to open boss doors in various dungeons
1040
A gem with a mystical essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fairy-type move only once.
1041
A Relic that is imbued with the power of the sky.
1042
Industrial waste created during Team Xen's experiments. It seems to cause Pokemon to mutate...
1043
Excess waste that seems to cause Pokemon to mutate...
1044
A mysterious evolutionary lump. When held, it raises the Attack and Sp. Attack of a Pokemon that can still evolve.
1045
An item to be held by a Pokemon. This offensive vest raises Def but prevents the use of status moves.
1046
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Skarmory hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1047
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Ursaring hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1048
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Vikavolt hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1049
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Zebstrika hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve in battle.
1050
The user shrouds itself in starlight, raising its Defense and Sp. Def.
1051
This relentless attack does massive damage to a target affected by status conditions.
[9]
1
Stench
2
Drizzle
3
Speed Boost
4
Battle Armor
5
Sturdy
6
Damp
7
Limber
8
Sand Veil
9
Static
10
Volt Absorb
11
Water Absorb
12
Oblivious
13
Cloud Nine
14
Compoundeyes
15
Insomnia
16
Color Change
17
Immunity
18
Flash Fire
19
Shield Dust
20
Own Tempo
21
Suction Cups
22
Intimidate
23
Shadow Tag
24
Rough Skin
25
Wonder Guard
26
Levitate
27
Effect Spore
28
Synchronize
29
Clear Body
30
Natural Cure
31
Lightningrod
32
Serene Grace
33
Swift Swim
34
Chlorophyll
35
Illuminate
36
Trace
37
Huge Power
38
Poison Point
39
Inner Focus
40
Magma Armor
41
Water Veil
42
Magnet Pull
43
Soundproof
44
Rain Dish
45
Sand Stream
46
Pressure
47
Thick Fat
48
Early Bird
49
Flame Body
50
Run Away
51
Keen Eye
52
Hyper Cutter
53
Pickup
54
Truant
55
Hustle
56
Cute Charm
57
Plus
58
Minus
59
Forecast
60
Sticky Hold
61
Shed Skin
62
Guts
63
Marvel Scale
64
Liquid Ooze
65
Overgrow
66
Blaze
67
Torrent
68
Swarm
69
Rock Head
70
Drought
71
Arena Trap
72
Vital Spirit
73
White Smoke
74
Pure Power
75
Shell Armor
76
Air Lock
77
Tangled Feet
78
Motor Drive
79
Rivalry
80
Steadfast
81
Snow Cloak
82
Gluttony
83
Anger Point
84
Unburden
85
Heatproof
86
Simple
87
Dry Skin
88
Download
89
Iron Fist
90
Poison Heal
91
Adaptability
92
Skill Link
93
Hydration
94
Solar Power
95
Quick Feet
96
Normalize
97
Sniper
98
Magic Guard
99
No Guard
100
Stall
101
Technician
102
Leaf Guard
103
Klutz
104
Mold Breaker
105
Super Luck
106
Aftermath
107
Anticipation
108
Forewarn
109
Unaware
110
Tinted Lens
111
Filter
112
Slow Start
113
Scrappy
114
Storm Drain
115
Ice Body
116
Solid Rock
117
Snow Warning
118
Honey Gather
119
Frisk
120
Reckless
121
Multitype
122
Flower Gift
123
Bad Dreams
124
Pickpocket
125
Sheer Force
126
Contrary
127
Unnerve
128
Defiant
129
Defeatist
130
Cursed Body
131
Healer
132
Friend Guard
133
Weak Armor
134
Heavy Metal
135
Light Metal
136
Multiscale
137
Toxic Boost
138
Flare Boost
139
Harvest
140
Telepathy
141
Moody
142
Overcoat
143
Poison Touch
144
Regenerator
145
Big Pecks
146
Sand Rush
147
Wonder Skin
148
Analytic
149
Illusion
150
Imposter
151
Infiltrator
152
Mummy
153
Moxie
154
Justified
155
Rattled
156
Magic Bounce
157
Sap Sipper
158
Prankster
159
Sand Force
160
Iron Barbs
161
Zen Mode
162
Victory Star
163
Turboblaze
164
Teravolt
165
Aerilate
166
Aroma Veil
167
Aura Break
168
Bulletproof
169
Cheek Pouch
170
Competitive
171
Dark Aura
172
Fairy Aura
173
Flower Veil
174
Fur Coat
175
Gale Wings
176
Gooey
177
Grass Pelt
178
Magician
179
Mega Launcher
180
Parental Bond
181
Pixilate
182
Protean
183
Refrigerate
184
Stance Change
185
Strong Jaw
186
Sweet Veil
187
Symbiosis
188
Tough Claws
189
Primordial Sea
190
Desolate Land
191
Delta Stream
192
Battery
193
Beast Boost
194
Berserk
195
Comatose
196
Corrosion
197
Dancer
198
Dazzling
199
Electric Surge
200
EmergencyExit
201
Fluffy
202
Full Metal Body
203
Galvanize
204
Grassy Surge
205
Innards Out
206
Liquid Voice
207
Long Reach
208
Merciless
209
Misty Surge
210
Alchemy
211
Prism Armor
212
Psychic Surge
213
Q. Majesty
214
Receiver
215
Shadow Shield
216
Slush Rush
217
Soul-heart
218
Stakeout
219
Stamina
220
Steelworker
221
Surge Surfer
222
Tangling Hair
223
Triage
224
Water Bubble
225
W. Compaction
226
Wimp Out
227
Schooling
228
RKS System
229
Shields Down
230
Disguise
231
Power Const.
232
Ball Fetch
233
Cotton Down
234
Dauntless Shield
235
Gorilla Tactics
236
Gulp Missile
237
Hunger Switch
238
Ice Face
239
Ice Scales
240
Intrepid Sword
241
Libero
242
Mimicry
243
Mirror Armor
244
Neutralizing Gas
245
Pastel Veil
246
Perish Body
247
Power Spot
248
Propeller Tail
249
Punk Rock
250
Ripen
251
Sand Spit
252
Screen Cleaner
253
Stalwart
254
Steam Engine
255
Steely Spirit
256
Wandering Spirit
257
Neuroforce
300
Intimidate
301
Shift
302
Savagery
303
Accumulation
304
Temporal Shift
305
Execution
306
Resuscitation
307
Storm 9
308
Solar Idol
309
Lunar Idol
310
World of Nightmares
[10]
1
The stench may cause the target to flinch.
2
The Pokmon makes it rain when it enters a battle.         
3
Its Speed stat is gradually boosted.
4
The Pokmon is protected against critical hits.
5
It cannot be knocked out with one hit.
6
Prevents the use of self-destructing moves.
7
The Pokmon is protected from paralysis.
8
Boosts the Pokmon's evasion in a sandstorm.
9
Contact with the Pokmon may cause paralysis.
10
Restores HP if hit by an Electric-type move.
11
Restores HP if hit by a Water-type move.
12
Prevents it from becoming infatuated.
13
Eliminates the effects of weather.
14
The Pokmon's accuracy is boosted.
15
Prevents the Pokmon from falling asleep.
16
Changes the Pokmon's type to the foe's move.
17
Prevents the Pokmon from getting poisoned.
18
It powers up Fire-type moves if it's hit by one.
19
Blocks the added effects of attacks taken.
20
Prevents the Pokmon from becoming confused.
21
Negates all moves that force switching out.
22
Lowers the foe's Attack stat.
23
Prevents the foe from escaping.
24
Inflicts damage to the foe on contact.
25
Only super-effective moves will hit.
26
Gives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.
27
Contact may poison or cause paralysis or sleep.
28
Passes a burn, poison, or paralysis to the foe.
29
Prevents other Pokmon from lowering its stats.
30
All status problems heal when it switches out.
31
Draws in all Electric-type moves to up Sp. Attack.
32
Boosts the likelihood of added effects appearing.
33
Boosts the Pokmon's Speed in rain.
34
Boosts the Pokmon's Speed in sunshine.
35
Raises the likelihood of meeting wild Pokmon.
36
The Pokmon copies a foe's Ability.
37
Raises the Pokmon's Attack stat.
38
Contact with the Pokmon may poison the attacker.
39
The Pokmon is protected from flinching.
40
Prevents the Pokmon from becoming frozen.
41
Prevents the Pokmon from getting a burn.
42
Prevents Steel-type Pokmon from escaping.
43
Gives full immunity to all sound-based moves.
44
The Pokmon gradually regains HP in rain.
45
The Pokmon summons a sandstorm in battle.
46
The Pokmon raises the foe's PP usage.
47
Ups resistance to Fire- and Ice-type moves.
48
The Pokmon awakens quickly from sleep.
49
Contact with the Pokmon may burn the attacker.
50
Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokmon.
51
Prevents other Pokmon from lowering accuracy.
52
Prevents other Pokmon from lowering Attack stat.
53
The Pokmon may pick up items.
54
Pokmon can't attack on consecutive turns.
55
Boosts the Attack stat, but lowers accuracy.
56
Contact with the Pokmon may cause infatuation.
57
Ups Sp. Atk if another Pokmon has Plus or Minus.
58
Ups Sp. Atk if another Pokmon has Plus or Minus.
59
Castform transforms with the weather.
60
Protects the Pokmon from item theft.
61
The Pokmon may heal its own status problems.
62
Boosts Attack if there is a status problem.
63
Ups Defense if there is a status problem.
64
Damages attackers using any draining move.
65
Powers up Grass-type moves in a pinch.
66
Powers up Fire-type moves in a pinch.
67
Powers up Water-type moves in a pinch.
68
Powers up Bug-type moves in a pinch.
69
Protects the Pokmon from recoil damage.
70
The Pokmon summons harsh sunlight in battle.
71
Prevents the foe from fleeing.
72
Prevents the Pokmon from falling asleep.
73
Prevents other Pokmon from lowering its stats.
74
Raises the Pokmon's Attack stat.
75
The Pokmon is protected against critical hits.
76
Eliminates the effects of weather.
77
Raises evasion if the Pokmon is confused.
78
Raises Speed if hit by an Electric-type move.
79
Deals more damage to a foe of the same gender.
80
Raises Speed each time the Pokmon flinches.
81
Raises evasion in a hailstorm.
82
Encourages the early use of a held Berry.
83
Maxes Attack after taking a critical hit.
84
Raises Speed if a held item is used.
85
Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
86
The Pokmon is prone to wild stat changes.
87
Reduces HP if it is hot. Water restores HP.
88
Adjusts power according to a foe's defenses.
89
Boosts the power of punching moves.
90
Restores HP if the Pokmon is poisoned.
91
Powers up moves of the same type.
92
Increases the frequency of multi-strike moves.
93
Heals status problems in the rain.
94
In sunshine, Sp. Atk is boosted but HP decreases.
95
Boosts Speed if there is a status problem.
96
All the user's moves become the Normal type.
97
Powers up critical hits.
98
The Pokmon only takes damage from attacks.
99
Ensures attacks by or against the user land.
100
The Pokmon moves after all other Pokmon do.
101
Powers up the Pokmon's weaker moves.
102
Prevents status problems in sunny weather.
103
The Pokmon can't use any held items.
104
Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
105
Heightens the critical-hit ratios of moves.
106
Damages the foe landing the finishing hit.
107
Senses a foe's dangerous moves.
108
Determines what moves a foe has.
109
Ignores any stat changes in the Pokmon.
110
Powers up "not very effective" moves.
111
Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
112
Temporarily halves Attack and Speed.
113
Enables moves to hit Ghost-type Pokmon.
114
Draws in Water-type moves to up Sp. Attack.
115
The Pokmon gradually regains HP in hail.
116
Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
117
The Pokmon summons a hailstorm in battle.
118
The Pokmon may gather Honey from somewhere.
119
The Pokmon can check a foe's held item.
120
Powers up moves that have recoil damage.
121
Changes type to match the held Plate.
122
Powers up party Pokmon when it is sunny.
123
Reduces a sleeping foe's HP.
124
Steals an item when hit by another Pokmon.
125
Removes added effects to increase move damage.
126
Makes stat changes have an opposite effect.
127
Makes the foe unable to eat Berries.
128
When a stat is lowered its Attack increases.
129
Lowers stats when HP becomes half or less.
130
May disable a move used on the Pokmon.
131
May heal an ally's status conditions.
132
Reduces damage done to allies.
133
Physical attacks lower Def. and sharply raise Spd.
134
Doubles the Pokmon's weight.
135
Halves the Pokmon's weight.
136
Reduces damage when HP is full.
137
Powers up physical attacks when poisoned.
138
Powers up special attacks when burned.
139
May create another Berry after one is used.
140
Anticipates an ally's attack and dodges it.
141
Raises one stat and lowers another.
142
Protects the Pokmon from damage from weather.
143
May poison targets upon contact.
144
Restores HP when withdrawn from battle.
145
Protects the Pokmon from Defense-lowering.
146
Boosts the Pokmon's Speed in a sandstorm.
147
Makes foes' status moves more likely to miss.
148
Boosts move power when the Pokmon moves last.
149
Comes out disguised as the Pokmon in back.
150
Transforms itself into the foe it is facing.
151
Passes through the foe's barrier and strikes.
152
Contact with this Pokmon spreads this Ability.
153
Boosts Attack after knocking out any Pokmon.
154
Raises Attack when hit by a Dark-type move.
155
Some move types scare it and boost its Speed.
156
Reflects status-changing moves.
157
Boosts Attack when hit by a Grass-type move.
158
Gives priority to a status move.
159
Boosts certain moves' power in a sandstorm.
160
Inflicts damage to the Pokmon on contact.
161
Changes the Pokmon's shape when HP is halved.
162
Boosts the accuracy of its allies and itself.
163
Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
164
Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
165
Normal-type moves become Flying-type moves.
166
Protects allies from moves that effect their mind.
167
The effects of Aura Abilities are reversed.
168
Protects the Pokmon from ball and bomb moves.
169
Restores HP when the Pokmon eats a Berry.
170
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat when a stat is lowered.
171
Powers up each Pokmon's Dark-type moves.
172
Powers up each Pokmon's Fairy-type moves.
173
Prevents lowering of ally Grass-type stats.
174
Halves damage from physical moves.
175
Gives priority to Flying-type moves when HP is full.
176
Contact lowers the foe's Speed stat.
177
Boosts Defense when the terrain is grass.
178
The Pokmon steals the foe's held item on contact.
179
Powers up aura and pulse moves.
180
Parent and child attack together.
181
Normal-type moves become Fairy-type moves.
182
Changes the Pokmon's type to its move used.
183
Normal-type moves become Ice-type moves.
184
The Pokmon changes form depending on moves.
185
The power of biting moves is increased.
186
Prevents ally Pokmon from falling asleep.
187
The Pokmon can pass an item to an ally.
188
Powers up moves that make direct contact.
189
Affects weather and nullifies any Fire-type attacks.
190
Affects weather and nullifies any Water-type attacks.
191
The Pokmon makes it very windy if it is in battle.
192
Powers up ally Pokmon's special moves.
193
Boosts highest stat after KO'ing a Pokmon.
194
Boosts Sp. Atk when a hit drops HP below half.
195
It's always asleep, and attacks without waking up.
196
Can poison targets regardless of their type.
197
Dances with others, duplicating their moves.
198
Surprises the opponent, preventing priority moves.
199
Electrifies the terrain on entry.
200
It retreats when its HP becomes half or less.
201
Weakens contact moves, but doubles Fire damage.
202
Prevents other Pokmon from lowering its stats.
203
Normal-type moves become Electric-type moves.
204
Makes the terrain grassy on entry.
205
Damages the attacker the same amount when fainted.
206
All sound-based moves become Water-type moves.
207
This Pokmon's moves do not make contact.
208
Critically hits poisoned Pokemon without fail.
209
Makes the terrain misty on entry.
210
The Pokmon copies the Ability of a defeated ally.
211
Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
212
Makes the terrain mysterious on entry.
213
Pressures the opponent, preventing priority moves.
214
The Pokmon recieves the Ability of a defeated ally.
215
Reduces damage when HP is full.
216
Boosts the Pokmon's Speed stat in a hailstorm.
217
Boosts its Sp. Atk every time a Pokmon faints.
218
Doubles damage to newly switched-in targets.
219
Boosts the Defense stat when hit by an attack.
220
Powers up Steel-type moves.
221
Doubles the Speed stat on Electric Terrain.
222
Contact lowers the foe's Speed stat.
223
Gives priority to a healing move.
224
Stops burns, halves Fire damage and boosts Water.
225
Water-type moves sharply raise Defense.
226
It wimps out when its HP becomes half or less.
227
As long as it has high HP, it can form a school.
228
Changes type to match the held memory disc.
229
This Pokmon is protected by its shell above half HP.
230
This Pokmon's shroud can protect it from one hit.
231
Enters Complete Form when HP is half or less.
232
Fetches the first failed Pokball if no held item.
233
Lowers Speed of adjacent Pokmon when hit.
234
Boosts the Pokmon's Defense stat upon entry.
235
Boosts the Pokmon's Attack stat; can only use the first selected move.
236
Catches Pokmon with Surf and Dive, spits out when hit.
237
Changes between Full Belly and Hangry at the end of each turn.
238
Can take a physical attack once. Restored when it hails.
239
Ice scales halve the damage taken from special moves.
240
Boosts the Pokmon's Attack stat upon entry.
241
Changes the Pokmon's type to its move used.
242
Changes the Pokmon's type depending on the terrain.
243
Bounces back stat-lowering effects that the Pokmon receives.
244
Effects of abilities are nullified or prevented.
245
Protects the user and ally Pokmon from being poisoned.
246
User and attacker faint in 3 turns when hit by contact move.
247
Just being next to the Pokmon powers up moves.
248
Ignores the effects of Abilities and moves that draw in moves.
249
Boosts damage of and halves dasmage taken from sound moves.
250
Ripens Berries and doubles their effect.
251
The Pokmon creates a sandstorm when it's hit by an attack.
252
Removes protective screens for allies and opponents.
253
Ignores the effects of opposing Pokmon's Abilities and moves that draw in moves.
254
Fire- and Water-type moves boost Speed drastcally.
255
Powers up ally Pokmon's Steel-type moves.
256
Swaps Abilities with attacker when hit with a contact move.
257
Powers up moves that are super effective.
300
Lowers the foe's Attack stat.
301
Adjusts the body to adapt to environments.
302
Raises this Pokemon's attack stats depending on HP.
303
Has 3 stacks of stockpile at all times.
304
Stats cannot be lowered and casts Hex in the future.
305
This Pokmon hits harder the lower the target's health is.
306
Enters Zombie Form after being knocked out once.
307
Randomly changes weather at the end of the turn.
308
STAB Fire moves. 50% ATK boost in Sun. Levitates.
309
STAB on Ice moves. 50% SPATK boost in Hail. Levitates.
310
End of turn damage on all foes. Changes field to New World over time. Allows use of Nightmare freely.
[11]
0
Normal
1
Fighting
2
Flying
3
Poison
4
Ground
5
Rock
6
Bug
7
Ghost
8
Steel
9
???
10
Fire
11
Water
12
Grass
13
Electric
14
Psychic
15
Ice
16
Dragon
17
Dark
18
Fairy
19
Shadow
20
Dimension
[12]
0
Conduit
1
Conduit
